URL: https://allstatedrivered.com/
TITLE: Driving School | San Diego -  La Jolla Allstate Driving School
STATUS: 200

Driving School | San Diego - La Jolla Allstate Driving School

Call Today

(619) 850-1245

Online Drivers Education

Student Login

Allstate Driving School Inc.

Home

About Us

Teens/Parents

Adults/Foreigners

Seniors

Instructors

Job Opportunities

Contact

Student Login

Achieve Driving Confidence With Us!

25+Years in Business

Teenagers / Parents

Activate Your Permit ASAP

Behind The Wheel Training after school or on weekend

Male or female instructors are available upon request

Whole Package Deal includes DE+DT in San Diego

DMV Drive Test Service

Click Here

Adults / Foreigners

Are you a beginner driver?

Have you failed the DMV Driving Test many times?

Are you a nervous driver and want to enhance your driving skills?

Need work on the freeway?

Too many accidents?

Click Here

Seniors

Vision problems?

Driver license suspended or revoked by DMV for medical reasons?

Referral by police officer or physician to retake Your DMV exam?

Need Brush-Up lessons?

Click Here

Allstate Driving School

Welcome to Allstate Driving School! We strive to provide the best service for our San Diego customers. Thank you for the opportunity to work with you.

Our professional and experienced instructors are licensed and certified by the State of California DMV and work with each student to meet their individual needs

We provide flexible class schedules to allow students to attend driving school at their convenience. Our driver training program is available 7 days a week.

By choosing Allstate Driving School you'll receive the highest quality driver training lessons to meet your individual driving needs

Drive Test Services

Drive Test Appointment

DMV Requirements

Practice Exams

Job Opportunities

Took a training session right before the test, Amanda gave many useful tips not only for the test but also for daily driving. Passed the test with 0 errors, huge thanks to Amanda, amazing job!

- Eric J. | Allstate Driving School Student

Josh is truly amazing! It would have been impossible for me to gain full confidence in such a short time without his experienced help and support. I highly recommend his classes for learners of all age groups.

- Payel R. | Allstate Driving School Student

I had a lesson with Kelly. She was very kind and had great advice to help me with learning to drive and prepare for the behind the wheel test. I passed this Friday and got my license. I appreciate the experience Kelly provided!

- Samantha J. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

My experience was the absolute best. I had Lorena and Mayela as my teacher. They were both extremely helpful and I passed the drivers test with only 3 errors and am now a very confident driver.

- Karolyn C. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

Easy to schedule! Very convenient with the pick-up / drop off by your address. The teacher was very knowledgeable about the area and gave great tips that helped me pass my driving test on the first try (Poway DMV).

- Patrick A. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

My instructor, Mayela, was extremely helpful and kind. She made me feel comfortable driving for the first time and was able to answer all of my questions. Would definitely recommend it to others!

- Leianna Y., San Diego | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

I took my lessons with Thomas, a really nice guy, who lets you know what you’re doing wrong and right, nice stories on the drive too. Practiced in Clairemont, took my exam in Bell Gardens (LA), passed on my first try!

- Amaris R. | Student at Allstate Driving School

Previous

Next

Need DMV Info?

Learn More

Allstate Driving School, Inc.
7677 Ronson Road #108,
San Diego CA, 92111

(858) 565-0088

(858) 499-0088

(619) 850-1245

DMV Approved Online Driver Education
DMV License Number: #E0200

Helpful Links
Resources
Job Opportunity

UCSD and La Jolla Driving Lessons

Rancho Penasquitos Driving Lessons

Carmel Valley Driving Lessons

© 2026 Allstate Driving School (and California online drivers education programs).
Legal Notices
