URL: https://allstatedrivered.com/driving-lessons/teen/driver-training.php
TITLE: Teen - San Diego | Allstate Driving School
STATUS: 200

Teen - San Diego | Allstate Driving School

Call Today

(619) 850-1245

Online Drivers Education

Student Login

Allstate Driving School Inc.

Home

About Us

Teens/Parents

Adults/Foreigners

Seniors

Instructors

Job Opportunities

Contact

Student Login

Teenagers / Parents

Welcome to Allstate Driving School! ACTIVATE YOUR PERMIT QUICKLY
. Please sign up for your six hours behind the wheel training with us. In California, it requires teenagers to have completed a two-hour lesson with a Licensed Instructor before they are allowed to train with their parents. We offer behind the wheel lessons during after school hours and on weekends. We offer Pick-up and Drop-Off service from home. Female and male instructors are available upon request.

Our Driver Education courses are approved by the DMV. By law teenagers must take a Driver’s Ed Course before they are allowed to get their learner permit. Since we are local in the San Diego area, the “
Whole Package Deal
”, which you can bundle your driver’s Ed with six hours Behind the Wheel training for a discount.

Behind the Wheel First Lesson

Payment 2nd Lesson & 3rd Lesson
(each)

$188
$168

Please make sure that students have their learner's permit before signing up for behind the wheel training. In order to take their DMV Drive Test, students must be 16 years of age, practice 50 hours with their parents, and all teenagers must hold their permit for six months before they are allowed to take their DMV exam. Therefore; We suggest but it is not required, to schedule your lessons as follows:

1st lesson, activate your permit ASAP

2nd lesson, in about a month so we will train on traffic laws, freeway, and parking maneuvers

3rd lesson, book your appointment 7-10 days before your DMV drive test. The instructor will prepare you for the DMV exam. The completion certificate [DL400D] will be issued to you on the last appointment

DMV Drive Test Service

$300

If your parents are busy
, this service will provide you with everything you need to take the DMV Drive Test.

Service covers a 3-hour window

Instructor will pick-up 1 hour before scheduled test

Car, registration, insurance, and licensed instructor will accompany you to the DMV Exam.

Drop-off service provided after testing if completed within the 3-hour window

Online Driver’s Education Only

$168

Teenagers are allowed to start their Driver Education when they turn 15. They must complete the Driver's Ed course and turn 15 ½ to get their learner’s permit. We offer an Online Driver’s Ed course in which students can work from home at their own pace and convenience. Once they pass their course, the students will receive a Completion Certificate
[DL400C]
in the mail. After receiving your permit, please give us a call at
619-850-1245
for your six hours of Behind-The-Wheel Training.

The Whole Package DE + DT

$600

Online Driver and Education & Behind the Wheel Training (6hours)

It is easier to work with a driving school located in the San Diego area, especially if students prefer to sign up for the “Whole Package Deal”. This package will include everything a student will need to get their driver license from start to finish. California law requires Completion of Driver’s ed before taking your permit test.

Receive your Completion of Online Driver’s Ed Certificate
[DL400C)
in the mail

Behind the Wheel Driver Training is comprised of 3, two-hour lessons

Receive your Certificate of Completion of Behind the Wheel Training
[DL400D]
at the end of your 3rd lesson

Teenagers are allowed to start their Driver Education when they turn 15. They must complete the Driver's Ed course and turn 15 ½ to get their learner permit. We offer an Online Driver’s Ed course in which students can work from home at their own pace and convenience. Please give us a call
619-850-1245
once you receive your learner permit from the DMV.

Parent Information

Requirements to obtain a driving permit/license

DMV Permit for teens:

Must be 15 and ½ years old

Complete the Driver’s Education Course to get a Certificate
(DL400C)

DMV License for teens:

Must be 16 years old

Complete fifty hours of behind the wheel training with parents and ten hours of night driving

Must hold the permit for 6 months

Complete six-hours of Behind the Wheel Training with a driving school and receive a Certificate
(DL400D)

Why choose Drivers Education with Allstate Driving School?

We have graduated over
20,000+
happy teenagers. Our Driver’s Education course covers all requirements as dictated by California Law. Teenagers tend to choose the Online Drivers Ed course because it allows them to work at their own pace, from the convenience of their own home, and works very well with their busy day to day schedules. On top of basic requirements, we also focus on other key points:

DUI and The Implied consent Law

Basic Speed Law

Speeding tendencies of teens and how to temper them

Pavement Markings

Right of way rules

Safe and Defensive driving tactics

Night Driving

We realize that learning to drive is an important event in your teenager’s life. This new driving journey offers many challenges and dangers, so teaching road safety is important to help your teenager develop safe driving habits.

Behind the Wheel six-hour course with Allstate

When applying for a DMV Learner’s Permit, the student must complete a driver’s education course.

Online Driver's Education Completion certificate
(DL400C)

A parent or legal guardian must sign below the “
Acknowledgement Statement
” on the Completion of Drivers Education certificate
(DL400C)

Once the student has obtained a DMV Permit, please call Allstate Driving School
(619) 850-1245
to set up the first driving appointment, otherwise the DMV Permit is not activated. When the student completes the first lesson with Allstate, we suggest that the parent should practice with their teen for at least a few weeks before setting up the second appointment. All students must practice with their parents for 50 hours, be at least 16 years of age, and hold their permit for at least six months before they are eligible to take the DMV Driving Test. Therefore, we suggest that the student should save the third lesson closer to the DMV Drive Test day, so the instructor will be able to prepare them for the DMV Drive Test. The Completion of Behind the Wheel Training Certificate
(DL400D)
will be issued to the student at the end of the third appointment.

You must present this certificate to the DMV for your driving exam:

Certificate of Completion of Behind the Wheel Training
(DL400D)

Steps for Practicing with your teenager

During the six months after they pass the DMV Permit test, by California Law, they must take a Six-hour Behind the Wheel Training Course with a driving school. As a parent you also have to train with your teenager for fifty hours behind the wheel, and ten of those hours must be night driving. At Allstate Driving School we believe taking the time to drive with your teenager is an important part of helping them understand the “Rules of the Road”. Our Online Driver’s Education Course and driver training is the first pathway to train your teen to become a confident and defensive driver. It is equally important that you continue to drive with your teen for the next 6 months. The good habit of defensive driving learned from our program is invaluable throughout your teenager’s lifetime. Follow these simple guidelines to make the driving time a pleasant experience for the both of you.

Create a 50-hour log sheet for your teenager when training with you

Practice with your teen during the day

Find a quiet location to practice until he/she feels comfortable

Stop practicing when your teen becomes overwhelmed or distracted

If your teen seems uncomfortable with the surroundings, have him/her pull over and stop to take a break. Discuss what caused him/her to be uncomfortable

As driving challenges or opportunities arise, explain how you would handle such situations. Give your teen real world examples to help them better understand the topic

Point out traffic signs or driving hazards to encourage your teen to recognize them

Position yourself with access to the steering wheel or brake pedal so you can intervene in the driving if it becomes necessary.

Give clear directions and remain calm at all times

Begin night time driving sessions once your teen is comfortable with driving during the day
(ten hours of night driving practice is required)

When driving, remember to follow the “rules of the road”. Your teen is watching to see how you handle situations that arise.

Use seat belts at all times.

Took a training session right before the test, Amanda gave many useful tips not only for the test but also for daily driving. Passed the test with 0 errors, huge thanks to Amanda, amazing job!

- Eric J. | Allstate Driving School Student

Josh is truly amazing! It would have been impossible for me to gain full confidence in such a short time without his experienced help and support. I highly recommend his classes for learners of all age groups.

- Payel R. | Allstate Driving School Student

I had a lesson with Kelly. She was very kind and had great advice to help me with learning to drive and prepare for the behind the wheel test. I passed this Friday and got my license. I appreciate the experience Kelly provided!

- Samantha J. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

My experience was the absolute best. I had Lorena and Mayela as my teacher. They were both extremely helpful and I passed the drivers test with only 3 errors and am now a very confident driver.

- Karolyn C. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

Easy to schedule! Very convenient with the pick-up / drop off by your address. The teacher was very knowledgeable about the area and gave great tips that helped me pass my driving test on the first try (Poway DMV).

- Patrick A. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

My instructor, Mayela, was extremely helpful and kind. She made me feel comfortable driving for the first time and was able to answer all of my questions. Would definitely recommend it to others!

- Leianna Y., San Diego | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

I took my lessons with Thomas, a really nice guy, who lets you know what you’re doing wrong and right, nice stories on the drive too. Practiced in Clairemont, took my exam in Bell Gardens (LA), passed on my first try!

- Amaris R. | Student at Allstate Driving School

Previous

Next

Need DMV Info?

Learn More

Allstate Driving School, Inc.
7677 Ronson Road #108,
San Diego CA, 92111

(858) 565-0088

(858) 499-0088

(619) 850-1245

DMV Approved Online Driver Education
DMV License Number: #E0200

Helpful Links
Resources
Job Opportunity

UCSD and La Jolla Driving Lessons

Rancho Penasquitos Driving Lessons

Carmel Valley Driving Lessons

© 2026 Allstate Driving School (and California online drivers education programs).
Legal Notices
