URL: https://allstatedrivered.com/driving-lessons/foreign-adult/driver-training.php
TITLE: Adult Driver Training San Diego | Allstate Driving School
STATUS: 200

Adult Driver Training San Diego | Allstate Driving School

Call Today

(619) 850-1245

Online Drivers Education

Student Login

Allstate Driving School Inc.

Home

About Us

Teens/Parents

Adults/Foreigners

Seniors

Instructors

Job Opportunities

Contact

Student Login

Adult / Foreigners Driver Training (San Diego)

Welcome to Allstate Driving School! Our goal is to assist you to obtain your Driver’s License quickly
. A majority of our students pass their DMV Driving Test on their first attempt. For new drivers, we offer behind the wheel training split into three different package options designed to fit your learning needs. We teach behind the wheel lessons seven days a week to accommodate your busy work schedules.

Drive Test Services
are available. This service will provide you with a vehicle, insurance and registration paperwork, as well as a licensed instructor, meeting all of the CA DMV’s requirements to take a Driving Exam. Even for
foreign drivers or experienced drivers
we do recommend taking some lessons with our professional instructors prior to testing because driving in the USA is very different from many other countries. The examiners will be looking for very specific details and good defensive driving habits while testing. During the lessons we will provide you with all the knowledge needed to pass the DMV Drive Test. Please give us a call at
(619) 850-1245
or Enroll online. We will call you within 24hrs to set up your appointment.

Behind the Wheel Driving Training

(858) 499-0088

One Lesson

2 Hours

$188

Three Lessons

6 Hours

$548

Five Lessons

10 Hours

$868

DMV Drive Test Service

$300

Worried about having all the correct paperwork needed and the vehicle you are using on the drive test? This package will put you at ease knowing that you will have all the components necessary for the drive test along with the
guidance of a professional licensed instructor
.

Service covers a 3-hour window

Instructor will pick-up 1 hour before scheduled test

Car, registration, insurance, and licensed instructor will accompany you to the DMV Exam.

Drop-off service provided after testing if completed within the 3-hour window

Took a training session right before the test, Amanda gave many useful tips not only for the test but also for daily driving. Passed the test with 0 errors, huge thanks to Amanda, amazing job!

- Eric J. | Allstate Driving School Student

Josh is truly amazing! It would have been impossible for me to gain full confidence in such a short time without his experienced help and support. I highly recommend his classes for learners of all age groups.

- Payel R. | Allstate Driving School Student

I had a lesson with Kelly. She was very kind and had great advice to help me with learning to drive and prepare for the behind the wheel test. I passed this Friday and got my license. I appreciate the experience Kelly provided!

- Samantha J. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

My experience was the absolute best. I had Lorena and Mayela as my teacher. They were both extremely helpful and I passed the drivers test with only 3 errors and am now a very confident driver.

- Karolyn C. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

Easy to schedule! Very convenient with the pick-up / drop off by your address. The teacher was very knowledgeable about the area and gave great tips that helped me pass my driving test on the first try (Poway DMV).

- Patrick A. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

My instructor, Mayela, was extremely helpful and kind. She made me feel comfortable driving for the first time and was able to answer all of my questions. Would definitely recommend it to others!

- Leianna Y., San Diego | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

I took my lessons with Thomas, a really nice guy, who lets you know what you’re doing wrong and right, nice stories on the drive too. Practiced in Clairemont, took my exam in Bell Gardens (LA), passed on my first try!

- Amaris R. | Student at Allstate Driving School

Previous

Next

Need DMV Info?

Learn More

Allstate Driving School, Inc.
7677 Ronson Road #108,
San Diego CA, 92111

(858) 565-0088

(858) 499-0088

(619) 850-1245

DMV Approved Online Driver Education
DMV License Number: #E0200

Helpful Links
Resources
Job Opportunity

UCSD and La Jolla Driving Lessons

Rancho Penasquitos Driving Lessons

Carmel Valley Driving Lessons

© 2026 Allstate Driving School (and California online drivers education programs).
Legal Notices
