URL: https://allstatedrivered.com/driving-lessons/senior/driver-training.php
TITLE: Senior Driver Training - San Diego | Allstate Driving School
STATUS: 200

Senior Driver Training - San Diego | Allstate Driving School

Call Today

(619) 850-1245

Online Drivers Education

Student Login

Allstate Driving School Inc.

Home

About Us

Teens/Parents

Adults/Foreigners

Seniors

Instructors

Job Opportunities

Contact

Student Login

Senior Drivers

Welcome to Allstate Driving School! Need brush-up lessons or dealing with the DMV Driver Safety?

Are you a resident of San Diego and had your license suspended by the DMV for medical reasons
(i.e. stroke, epilepsy, seizures, diabetes, dementia, Alzheimer’s)
?

Vision problems
(i.e. cataracts, glaucoma, macular degeneration, diabetes retinopathy)
?

Were you referred by a
police officer or your physician
to take a DMV Special Driving Test with the Driver Safety Unit?

We have a group of instructors who specialize in preparation to deal with the DMV Driver Safety Unit. They understand that the test you are subject to is very different from an ordinary driving test, and will help you understand all the nuances of a Special Driving Test. These instructors average over 25+ years of teaching experience, and know exactly what you will need in order to pass. A large percentage of Seniors retaking their exams end up failing their first attempt due to bad driving habits that have been accumulated over their lifetime. Our instructors are very proficient in working with you to overcome all of the medical difficulties you are facing in regards to the DMV exam.

Behind the Wheel Driving Training

(858) 499-0088

One Lesson

1 ½ hours

$188

Three Lessons

4 ½ hours

$548

Five Lessons

7 ½ hours

$868

Senior Drive Test Service

$300

You must be accompanied by a licensed driver for your Special Drive test, especially if your license is suspended or revoked. Our Senior Drive Test Service will put you at ease. Knowingly, that you will have the preparation and guidance of a professional licensed instructor with you on your driving test.

Service covers a 3-hour window

Instructor will pick-up 45 minutes before scheduled test

Took a training session right before the test, Amanda gave many useful tips not only for the test but also for daily driving. Passed the test with 0 errors, huge thanks to Amanda, amazing job!

- Eric J. | Allstate Driving School Student

Josh is truly amazing! It would have been impossible for me to gain full confidence in such a short time without his experienced help and support. I highly recommend his classes for learners of all age groups.

- Payel R. | Allstate Driving School Student

I had a lesson with Kelly. She was very kind and had great advice to help me with learning to drive and prepare for the behind the wheel test. I passed this Friday and got my license. I appreciate the experience Kelly provided!

- Samantha J. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

My experience was the absolute best. I had Lorena and Mayela as my teacher. They were both extremely helpful and I passed the drivers test with only 3 errors and am now a very confident driver.

- Karolyn C. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

Easy to schedule! Very convenient with the pick-up / drop off by your address. The teacher was very knowledgeable about the area and gave great tips that helped me pass my driving test on the first try (Poway DMV).

- Patrick A. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

My instructor, Mayela, was extremely helpful and kind. She made me feel comfortable driving for the first time and was able to answer all of my questions. Would definitely recommend it to others!

- Leianna Y., San Diego | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

I took my lessons with Thomas, a really nice guy, who lets you know what you’re doing wrong and right, nice stories on the drive too. Practiced in Clairemont, took my exam in Bell Gardens (LA), passed on my first try!

- Amaris R. | Student at Allstate Driving School

Previous

Next

Need DMV Info?

Learn More

Allstate Driving School, Inc.
7677 Ronson Road #108,
San Diego CA, 92111

(858) 565-0088

(858) 499-0088

(619) 850-1245

DMV Approved Online Driver Education
DMV License Number: #E0200

Helpful Links
Resources
Job Opportunity

UCSD and La Jolla Driving Lessons

Rancho Penasquitos Driving Lessons

Carmel Valley Driving Lessons

© 2026 Allstate Driving School (and California online drivers education programs).
Legal Notices
