URL: https://allstatedrivered.com/driving-school/ucsd-la-jolla-driving-lessons.php
TITLE: La Jolla - UCSD | Allstate Driving School
STATUS: 200

La Jolla - UCSD | Allstate Driving School

Call Today

(619) 850-1245

Online Drivers Education

Student Login

Allstate Driving School Inc.

Home

About Us

Teens/Parents

Adults/Foreigners

Seniors

Instructors

Job Opportunities

Contact

Student Login

La Jolla / UCSD Driving Lessons

Allstate Driving School is very convenient to the La Jolla and UCSD area. Plus, our driving instructors come to you!
Whether you are an
adult
, a
teen
, a
senior
, or a
foreign
driver looking to get licensed in the USA, our instructors have a driving lesson program tailored just for you. We offer behind the wheel lessons seven days a week. We also offer Pick-up and Drop-Off service from home.

Give us a call at (619) 850-1245 or Enroll online. We will call you within 24hrs to set up your appointment. Our Driver Education courses are approved by the DMV.

We tailor our instruction to you!

Adults/Foreigners

Teens/Parents

Seniors

... you'll receive the highest quality driver training lessons to meet your individual driving needs.

Need a car to your test?

We can provide that to you. Many of our UCSD area adult driving students need a car to take their DMV test. We can help.

New to the USA
?

We have instructors specializing in training drivers from other countries.

Living in these areas
?

Our driving school is near La Jolla, UCSD, and we have had many customers in the zip codes of 92093, 92037, and 92092.

Driving in La Jolla / UCSD

What's Different

Driving around the UCSD area offers interesting challenges. These include high traffic density, limited parking, and many campus restrictions. There is also an abundance of alternative transportation methods to be on the lookout for, including scooters, cyclists, and pedestrian traffic. Finally, there are many other drivers that have limited experience or are coming from other geographies and have different driving customs. So learning defensive driving techniques is a must!

La Jolla driving also has distinct challenges. These include high seasonal traffic, agressive parking behavior, and sometimes confusing traffic patterns.

UCSD Area Drive Test Services

Day Of Testing

Many of our UCSD / La Jolla students choose to take their test at the Clairemont DMV. Our driving instructors are very familar with the Clairemont area and the DMV testing there. We have a Drive Test packages specific to your location and driver type.

Directions from La Jolla / UCSD

Find Our Location

We offer convenient pick up and drop off for driving lessons near UCSD or near La Jolla. However, if you prefer to come to our offices, we are only 8 miles away - located just east of the 805 and south of the 52.

It was great taking the DMV test package with Allstate Driving School. Passed my behind the wheel test in first attempt

- UCSD Resident | Allstate Driving School Student

Scheduling with All State was quick and easy. I passed my test on the first try with only 4 missed points.

- Taylor R., La Jolla | Allstate Driving School Student

I had a lesson with Kelly. She was very kind and had great advice to help me with learning to drive and prepare for the behind the wheel test. I passed this Friday and got my license. I appreciate the experience Kelly provided!

- Samantha J. | Allstate Driving School Student

My experience was the absolute best. I had Lorena and Mayela as my teacher. They were both extremely helpful and I passed the drivers test with only 3 errors and am now a very confident driver.

- Karolyn C. | Allstate Driving School Student

Easy to schedule! Very convenient with the pick-up / drop off by your address. The teacher was very knowledgeable about the area and gave great tips that helped me pass my driving test on the first try (Poway DMV).

- Patrick A. | Allstate Driving School Student

My instructor, Mayela, was extremely helpful and kind. She made me feel comfortable driving for the first time and was able to answer all of my questions. Would definitely recommend it to others!

- Leianna Y., San Diego | Allstate Driving School Student

I took my lessons with Thomas, a really nice guy, who lets you know what you’re doing wrong and right, nice stories on the drive too. Practiced in Clairemont, took my exam in Bell Gardens (LA), passed on my first try!

- Amaris R. | Student at Allstate Driving School

Previous

Next

Need DMV Info?

Learn More

Allstate Driving School, Inc.
7677 Ronson Road #108,
San Diego CA, 92111

(858) 565-0088

(858) 499-0088

(619) 850-1245

DMV Approved Online Driver Education
DMV License Number: #E0200

Helpful Links
Resources
Job Opportunity

UCSD and La Jolla Driving Lessons

Rancho Penasquitos Driving Lessons

Carmel Valley Driving Lessons

© 2026 Allstate Driving School (and California online drivers education programs).
Legal Notices
