URL: https://allstatedrivered.com/driving-school/rancho-penasquitos-driving-lessons.php
TITLE: Rancho Penasquitos | Allstate Driving School
STATUS: 200

Rancho Penasquitos | Allstate Driving School

Call Today

(619) 850-1245

Online Drivers Education

Student Login

Allstate Driving School Inc.

Home

About Us

Teens/Parents

Adults/Foreigners

Seniors

Instructors

Job Opportunities

Contact

Student Login

Rancho Penasquitos Driving Lessons

Allstate Driving School is close and convenient to Rancho Penasquitos. Plus, our driving instructors come to you!
We cater to both
teens
and
adults
. Or, if you are a
senior
, we have a program for you, too. We offer behind the wheel lessons seven days a week as well as a DMV Drive Test package.

Give us a call at (619) 850-1245 or Enroll online. We will call you within 24hrs to set up your appointment. Our Driver Education courses are approved by the DMV.

We tailor our instruction to you!

Teens/Parents

Adults/Foreigners

Seniors

... you'll receive the highest quality driver training lessons to meet your individual driving needs.

Going to school?

We offer behind the wheel lessons during after school hours and on weekends.

New to the USA
?

We have instructors specializing in training drivers from other countries.

Living in this area?
?

Our driving school is near Rancho Penasquitos with many of our past customers coming from the 92129 zip code. However, most take advantage of our Pick-up and Drop-Off service from home

Driving in Rancho Penasquitos

What's Different

Driving around the Rancho Penasquitos area offers interesting challenges. These include high-speed commuting, significant peak-hour congestion, and challenging topography. Our instructors ensure that these skill areas are covered!

Drive Test Services

Day Of Testing

The Poway DMV is often the testing location choice for many of our Rancho Penasquitos students. Our driving school instructors know the Poway area well along with its DMV testing environment. We have a Drive Test packages specific to your location and driver type.

Directions from Rancho Penasquitos

Find Our Location

We are only 12 miles away - located just west of the I5 and south of the 52. However, we offer convenient pick up and drop off for driving lessons near Rancho Penasquitos.

Had my first lesson today with instructor Santi! Overall a positive experience and would definitely recommend to first time drivers!

- Cameron N., Rancho Pensquitos | Allstate Driving School Student

Execellent service. Thanks to my instructor Santiago, he helped me to pass my drive test. Very good communication (English and Spanish) and very good attitude!

- Ivan C., Poway | Allstate Driving School Student

Very good at teaching, gives strong and useful notes, non-stressful dringin instructor.

- V.N., Rancho Penasquitos | Allstate Driving School Student

My experience was the absolute best. I had Lorena and Mayela as my teacher. They were both extremely helpful and I passed the drivers test with only 3 errors and am now a very confident driver.

- Karolyn C. | Allstate Driving School Student

Easy to schedule! Very convenient with the pick-up / drop off by your address. The teacher was very knowledgeable about the area and gave great tips that helped me pass my driving test on the first try (Poway DMV).

- Patrick A. | Allstate Driving School Student

My instructor, Mayela, was extremely helpful and kind. She made me feel comfortable driving for the first time and was able to answer all of my questions. Would definitely recommend it to others!

- Leianna Y., San Diego | Allstate Driving School Student

I took my lessons with Thomas, a really nice guy, who lets you know what you’re doing wrong and right, nice stories on the drive too. Practiced in Clairemont, took my exam in Bell Gardens (LA), passed on my first try!

- Amaris R. | Student at Allstate Driving School

Previous

Next

Need DMV Info?

Learn More

Allstate Driving School, Inc.
7677 Ronson Road #108,
San Diego CA, 92111

(858) 565-0088

(858) 499-0088

(619) 850-1245

DMV Approved Online Driver Education
DMV License Number: #E0200

Helpful Links
Resources
Job Opportunity

UCSD and La Jolla Driving Lessons

Rancho Penasquitos Driving Lessons

Carmel Valley Driving Lessons

© 2026 Allstate Driving School (and California online drivers education programs).
Legal Notices
