URL: https://allstatedrivered.com/driving-school/carmel-valley-driving-lessons.php
TITLE: Carmel Valley Driving Lessons | Allstate Driving School
STATUS: 200

Carmel Valley Driving Lessons | Allstate Driving School

Call Today

(619) 850-1245

Online Drivers Education

Student Login

Allstate Driving School Inc.

Home

About Us

Teens/Parents

Adults/Foreigners

Seniors

Instructors

Job Opportunities

Contact

Student Login

Carmel Valley San Diego Driving Lessons

Allstate Driving School is very convenient to the Carmel Valley area of San Diego.

Whether you come to us or take advantage of our Pick-up and Drop-Off service, we are the easy choice! Select from programs tailored to
teens
,
adults
,
seniors
, or
foreign-born
drivers looking to get licensed in the USA. We offer behind the wheel lessons seven days a week with after-school time-slots available.

Give us a call at (619) 850-1245 or Enroll online. We will call you within 24hrs to set up your appointment. Our Driver Education courses are approved by the DMV.

We tailor our instruction to you!

Teens/Parents

Adults/Foreigners

Seniors

... you'll receive the highest quality driver training lessons to meet your individual driving needs.

Teens - in a hurry?

We'll help you activate your permit quickly. Our flexible schedules allow you to get through your requirments in a timely manner.

Need a car to your test?

We can provide that to you. Many of our adult driving students need a car to take their DMV test. We can help.

New to the USA
?

We have instructors specializing in training drivers from other countries.

Living in these areas
?

Our driving school is near Carmel Valley and we have had many customers in the zip code of 92130.

Driving in Carmel Valley

What's Different

Driving around the Carmel Valley area of San Deigo offers interesting challenges. These include dealing with commuter traffic, I-5 Freeway congestion, never-ending construction and more. So learning defensive driving techniques is a must!

Carmel Valley Area Drive Test Services

Day Of Testing

Many of our Carmel Valley San Diego students choose to take their test at either the Clairemont DMV or the Poway DMV. Our driving instructors are very familar with the both of these areas and the DMV testing done there. We have a Drive Test packages specific to your location and driver type.

Directions from the Carmel Valley Area

Find Our Location

We offer convenient pick up and drop off for driving lessons near Carmel Valley. However, if you prefer to come to our offices, we are only 12 miles away - located just east of the 805 and south of the 52.

Took a training session right before the test, Amanda gave many useful tips not only for the test but also for daily driving. Passed the test with 0 errors, huge thanks to Amanda, amazing job!

- Eric J. | Allstate Driving School Student

Thank you! Will use your services again when my other son is ready for his first driving lessons.

- Adrian, Carmel Valley, San Diego | Allstate Driving School Student

Allstate was amazing! I highly recommend taking lessons with Solaiman! Honestly could not recommend enough. And he does safety and doen't make you feel stressed!!

- I and B, Carmel Valley | Allstate Driving School Student

My experience was the absolute best. I had Lorena and Mayela as my teacher. They were both extremely helpful and I passed the drivers test with only 3 errors and am now a very confident driver.

- Karolyn C. | Allstate Driving School Student

Easy to schedule! Very convenient with the pick-up / drop off by your address. The teacher was very knowledgeable about the area and gave great tips that helped me pass my driving test on the first try (Poway DMV).

- Patrick A. | Allstate Driving School Student

My instructor, Mayela, was extremely helpful and kind. She made me feel comfortable driving for the first time and was able to answer all of my questions. Would definitely recommend it to others!

- Leianna Y., San Diego | Allstate Driving School Student

I took my lessons with Thomas, a really nice guy, who lets you know what you’re doing wrong and right, nice stories on the drive too. Practiced in Clairemont, took my exam in Bell Gardens (LA), passed on my first try!

- Amaris R. | Student at Allstate Driving School

Previous

Next

Need DMV Info?

Learn More

Allstate Driving School, Inc.
7677 Ronson Road #108,
San Diego CA, 92111

(858) 565-0088

(858) 499-0088

(619) 850-1245

DMV Approved Online Driver Education
DMV License Number: #E0200

Helpful Links
Resources
Job Opportunity

UCSD and La Jolla Driving Lessons

Rancho Penasquitos Driving Lessons

Carmel Valley Driving Lessons

© 2026 Allstate Driving School (and California online drivers education programs).
Legal Notices
