URL: https://allstatedrivered.com/driving-school/about-us.php
TITLE: About Us | Allstate Driving School
STATUS: 200

About Us | Allstate Driving School

Call Today

(619) 850-1245

Online Drivers Education

Student Login

Allstate Driving School Inc.

Home

About Us

Teens/Parents

Adults/Foreigners

Seniors

Instructors

Job Opportunities

Contact

Student Login

About Us

Founded in 1998, Allstate Driving School has graduated 50,000+ students in the San Diego area. Our mission is to provide our customers with superior service.

We provide flexible class schedules to allow students to attend driving school at their convenience. Our online driver education allows students to complete their training in the comfort of their own home. Our driver training program is available 7 days a week. And for teenagers, our flexible schedules help parents and students plan classes around their work and school activities.

Allstate Driving School's business has grown over the years through referrals due to its excellent reputation for providing high quality driver education training. We understand that each student is different and our professional and experienced instructors are licensed and certified by the State of California DMV and work with each student to meet their individual needs. Our instructors average over 10 years of teaching experience and attend continuing education seminars to maintain their knowledge on regulation changes, driver safety and rules of the road.

Allstate Driving School provides:

Online Driver Education

DMV Drive Test Services

Behind the Wheel Driver Training

Complete preparation for the student to take the DMV Driving Test

By choosing Allstate Driving School you'll receive the highest quality driver training lessons to meet your individual driving needs

Management

Dee Amanda Wu

Founder, Allstate Driving School

As the Founder and owner of Allstate Driving School, Dee Amanda Wu, has 30+ years of experience in teaching driver education and defensive driver training. Ms. Wu graduated from San Diego State University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics with an emphasis on Computer Science. In 1991, Dee landed a job with the Department of Motor Vehicles as a licensing Registration Examiner. She worked for 5 years as an Examiner at the San Diego Clairemont DMV where she issued over 10,000 driver's licenses for California residents. Throughout her career, she has trained thousands of teenagers, adults and seniors citizens pass the DMV driving exam to obtain their California driver's license. Ms. Wu also possesses the special skills to train senior citizens with special needs to pass the California special driving exam with the DMV Driver Safety Unit.

Joshua Ly Watts

School Operator and Office Manager

Joshua is a San Diego born and raised native, who has been working with Allstate Driving School since 2006. His prior work experience had him helping to run and manage 3 different family businesses, a motel, a retail sports store, and a self service car wash. Joshua speaks multiple different languages with enough proficiency to conduct lessons. Throughout his 18 years with Allstate, he has also taught Driver's Education in a classroom setting to teenagers getting ready to test for their permits. He has also trained Allstate's potential employees to become skilled driving instructors. Joshua also possesses the special skills needed to train senior citizens to help them pass the DMV Special Drive Test, administered by the DMV Drivers' Safety office.

Took a training session right before the test, Amanda gave many useful tips not only for the test but also for daily driving. Passed the test with 0 errors, huge thanks to Amanda, amazing job!

- Eric J. | Allstate Driving School Student

Josh is truly amazing! It would have been impossible for me to gain full confidence in such a short time without his experienced help and support. I highly recommend his classes for learners of all age groups.

- Payel R. | Allstate Driving School Student

I had a lesson with Kelly. She was very kind and had great advice to help me with learning to drive and prepare for the behind the wheel test. I passed this Friday and got my license. I appreciate the experience Kelly provided!

- Samantha J. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

My experience was the absolute best. I had Lorena and Mayela as my teacher. They were both extremely helpful and I passed the drivers test with only 3 errors and am now a very confident driver.

- Karolyn C. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

Easy to schedule! Very convenient with the pick-up / drop off by your address. The teacher was very knowledgeable about the area and gave great tips that helped me pass my driving test on the first try (Poway DMV).

- Patrick A. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

My instructor, Mayela, was extremely helpful and kind. She made me feel comfortable driving for the first time and was able to answer all of my questions. Would definitely recommend it to others!

- Leianna Y., San Diego | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

I took my lessons with Thomas, a really nice guy, who lets you know what you’re doing wrong and right, nice stories on the drive too. Practiced in Clairemont, took my exam in Bell Gardens (LA), passed on my first try!

- Amaris R. | Student at Allstate Driving School

Previous

Next

Need DMV Info?

Learn More

Allstate Driving School, Inc.
7677 Ronson Road #108,
San Diego CA, 92111

(858) 565-0088

(858) 499-0088

(619) 850-1245

DMV Approved Online Driver Education
DMV License Number: #E0200

Helpful Links
Resources
Job Opportunity

UCSD and La Jolla Driving Lessons

Rancho Penasquitos Driving Lessons

Carmel Valley Driving Lessons

© 2026 Allstate Driving School (and California online drivers education programs).
Legal Notices
