URL: https://allstatedrivered.com/driving-school/driving-instructors.php
TITLE: Driving Instructors | Allstate Driving School
STATUS: 200

Driving Instructors | Allstate Driving School

Call Today

(619) 850-1245

Online Drivers Education

Student Login

Allstate Driving School Inc.

Home

About Us

Teens/Parents

Adults/Foreigners

Seniors

Instructors

Job Opportunities

Contact

Student Login

Our Instructors

Kelly L. Nguyen

Driving Instructor
I have been teaching with Allstate Driving School since the school was established in 1998. I have a kind heart, patience, speak very softly, friendly, and have an easy going personality. My specialty is preparing students to pass the DMV drive test. When students step out of my car, they always turn back and say [Thank you!]. I am very dedicated to my job, my philosophy is not only to teach students to control their car, but also to learn the practical knowledge and keep their attention on driving safely and defensively on today's busy roadways. It is greatly rewarding for me to see my students learn to drive, and enjoy our driving lessons.
Training Vehicle: Honda Civic

Mayela Stuart

Having a good knowledge of the rules of the road, coupled with defensive driving habits allow my students to be safe while on our busy roads and freeways. I have been an instructor with Allstate Driving School for the past 10 years. My lessons will provide my students with all the information they will need to become safe and defensive drivers, as well as a complete understanding of what the DMV will require to pass a driver's test. I am a very easy going instructor who gives clear instructions, and remains calm during high stress situations. I am bilingual and speak English and Spanish.

Thomas J. Kinzer

Driving Instructor
I have been a part time instructor with Allstate Driving School over the past six years. I have worked in the education field for over 18 years teaching Special Ed students. Over that time I have worked with students individually or in group settings alongside parents and other educators. I have been a California licensed driver in good standings for over twenty years. I have the patience to work with any teenager driver new or experienced. I enjoy listening to all types of music, and I also play the drums in my spare time.
Training Vehicle: Honda Civic

Santiago W. Villanueva

Driving Instructor
I am a former law enforcement officer in Peru and have previous driving instructor experience in Virginia since 2013, which helped me to be an easy going and calm instructor when teaching students, and help them become safe and defensive drivers. I will make sure to instill these ideals to my students to help them understand and pass the CA DMV driving test. As a part of the All-State Driving Instructor team, let me assist you to meet your goals, and become a confident diver with defensive driving skills. I am fluent in Spanish.
Training Vehicle: Scion TC

Lorena Quevedo de Rosas

Driving Instructor
My name is Lorena Q. I am bilingual in English and Spanish. I have been a driving instructor in the city of Los Angeles and Pasadena and I now live in sunny San Diego. I teach people with a heavy emphasis on the rules of the road as well as safe and defensive driving tactics. I have experience teaching both minors and adults. To become a safe and skilled driver it takes practice. The more you learn and practice, it will prepare you to be amongst the safest and skilled drivers. Together, we can understand the daily challenges we have as California drivers.
Training Vehicle: Honda Civic

Solaiman M. Saifi

My previous time as a competitive soccer coach has taught me patience, and passion for teaching others, has influenced the way I teach my students the essential skills and etiquette of driving. My lessons equip students with all the knowledge they need to become safe and defensive drivers, along with a comprehensive understanding of what the DMV requires to pass a driver's test. As an easy-going instructor, I give clear instructions and stay calm during high-stress situations. Being trilingual, I teach in English, Dari, and Farsi, ensuring effective communication with a diverse range of students. With over 40 years of driving experience I will make sure to instill all my students with good defensive driving habits.

Took a training session right before the test, Amanda gave many useful tips not only for the test but also for daily driving. Passed the test with 0 errors, huge thanks to Amanda, amazing job!

- Eric J. | Allstate Driving School Student

Josh is truly amazing! It would have been impossible for me to gain full confidence in such a short time without his experienced help and support. I highly recommend his classes for learners of all age groups.

- Payel R. | Allstate Driving School Student

I had a lesson with Kelly. She was very kind and had great advice to help me with learning to drive and prepare for the behind the wheel test. I passed this Friday and got my license. I appreciate the experience Kelly provided!

- Samantha J. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

My experience was the absolute best. I had Lorena and Mayela as my teacher. They were both extremely helpful and I passed the drivers test with only 3 errors and am now a very confident driver.

- Karolyn C. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

Easy to schedule! Very convenient with the pick-up / drop off by your address. The teacher was very knowledgeable about the area and gave great tips that helped me pass my driving test on the first try (Poway DMV).

- Patrick A. | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

My instructor, Mayela, was extremely helpful and kind. She made me feel comfortable driving for the first time and was able to answer all of my questions. Would definitely recommend it to others!

- Leianna Y., San Diego | Allstate Driving School San Diego Student

I took my lessons with Thomas, a really nice guy, who lets you know what you’re doing wrong and right, nice stories on the drive too. Practiced in Clairemont, took my exam in Bell Gardens (LA), passed on my first try!

- Amaris R. | Student at Allstate Driving School

Previous

Next

Need DMV Info?

Learn More

Allstate Driving School, Inc.
7677 Ronson Road #108,
San Diego CA, 92111

(858) 565-0088

(858) 499-0088

(619) 850-1245

DMV Approved Online Driver Education
DMV License Number: #E0200

Helpful Links
Resources
Job Opportunity

UCSD and La Jolla Driving Lessons

Rancho Penasquitos Driving Lessons

Carmel Valley Driving Lessons

© 2026 Allstate Driving School (and California online drivers education programs).
Legal Notices
