URL: https://www.vipdrivingschools.com/
TITLE: Driving School in Modesto & Tracy | VIP Driving School
STATUS: 200

Driving School in Modesto & Tracy | VIP Driving School

Home

Contact Us

Register

Modesto, Salida, Riverbank, Ceres, Hughson, Stockton, Oakdale, Escalon, Ripon

Manteca, Lathrop, Tracy, Mountainhouse

Livermore, Dublin, Pleasanton, Hayward, Union City, Fremont, Walnut Creek, Danville, San Ramon

(209) 660 5111

Best Driving School in Modesto, CA – Professional Driving Lessons

CALL TO GET STUDENT SPECIAL!

(209)-660-5111

At VIP Driving School, safety comes first. With licensed instructors, top-notch vehicles, and personalized instruction in multiple languages, we ensure every student becomes a safe, responsible driver for life

Register Now

CERTIFICATIONS

Button

Button

Our Vision Since 2004

TO BE #1 IN TRUST & QUALITY

At VIP Driving School, we recognize that selecting the right driving school is a pivotal decision for you, your family or your loved ones.

As a fully licensed, bonded, and insured driving school approved by the California DMV (Department of Motor Vehicle), we prioritize safety, quality, and success in every aspect of our services.

With a team of qualified, experienced, and licensed instructors who undergo rigorous background checks, we ensure that every student receives personalized attention and guidance tailored to their individual needs. We offer instruction in multiple languages including English, French, Farsi, Pashto, Hindi.

Equipped with state-of-the-art vehicles featuring the latest safety technology and meticulously inspected by the California DMV, we are dedicated to preparing our students to become safe and responsible drivers for life.

BOOK YOUR BEHIND-THE-WHEEL LESSONS TODAY & ENJOY DRIVING!

﻿
Please allow a 30 minute buffer period before lessons

Call Us Today!

Find Your Service Location to See More

Modesto, Riverbank, Ceres, Hughson, Turlock, Stockton, Ripon, Oakdale, Salida, Escalon

Phone:

209-660-5111
Email: avipdrivingschools@gmail.com
Address: 3600 Sisk Rd, Modesto, CA 95356

Select

Manteca, Lathrop, Tracy, Mountainhouse

Phone: 209-660-5111
Email:

avipdrivingschools
@gmail.com
Address: 912 west 11th St., Tracy, CA 95376

Select

Bay Area - Livermore, Dublin, Pleasanton, Hayward, Union City, Fremont, Walnut Creek, Danville, San Ramon, Brentwood, Antioch, Oakland, Redwood City, Palo Alto, San Mateo, San Leandro, San Lorenzo, Concord, Mountainview, Half Moon Bay

Phone: 209-660-5111
Email:

avipdrivingschools
@gmail.com
Address: 912 west 11th St., Tracy, CA 95376

Select

"11 out of 10 driving experience, very knowledgeable, professional, respectful, understanding and patient. Would definitely recommend to my friends and family, because today, thanks to my instructors, I passed my DMV Behind the Wheel Test."

Mason Agnew

Modesto, CA

*review taken from Google Reviews

"We highly recommend VIP driving school. The instructor really knows what she’s doing and helped my daughter with her skills. Great price and very open availability. Thank you!"
﻿

Isabella Moor

Manteca, CA

*review taken from Google Reviews

"Had a very good experience with instructor and got a great deal!"
﻿

Jeremiah Stine

Tracy, CA

*review taken from Google Reviews

School Policies

School policies
-We thank you for giving us the opportunity to help increase the number of safe drivers on the road potentially preventing accidents, big bills, and even family loss
-It’s our goal to arrive on time every time to pick up students for a lesson however unforeseen circumstances may arise ( Such as an unpredictable traffic jam) causing our instructor to be late, therefore, allow us 30 minutes.
-We are not responsible for any personal belongings left in vehicles

- cancellations within 24 hours of scheduled lesson will be subject to a $80 cancellation/rescheduling fee.
Release of Liability & Assumption of Risk

By enrolling in driving lessons with

A-VIP Driving School LLC

("VIP Driving School"), all students (or their parents/guardians if under 18) acknowledge and agree to the following:

Assumption of Risk & Release of Liability
Driving involves inherent risks, including but not limited to accidents, injury, or death. By participating in lessons, students voluntarily assume all risks and agree that A-VIP Driving School LLC, its instructors, employees, and affiliates are not liable for any injury, damage, or loss incurred during or as a result of driving lessons.
Automatic Agreement
Enrollment in any lesson, whether or not a separate waiver is signed, constitutes acceptance of this release of liability. Students and/or their guardians acknowledge this agreement by registering for services.
Consent for Pick-Up & Drop-Off
By scheduling lessons, students (or guardians) grant permission for A-VIP Driving School LLC instructors to transport them to and from designated locations as part of the training. VIP Driving School will take reasonable precautions but assumes no liability for incidents during transit.

By proceeding with registration and participation in driving lessons, students and/or their guardians confirm their understanding and acceptance of these terms.

Button

Button

Give us a call and register today!

209-660-5111
Or Email us at

avipdrivingschools@gmail.com

Main Office
3600 Sisk Rd, Suite 5A Unit 4
Modesto CA 95356
Areas Serviced
Modesto CA, Ceres CA, Ripon CA, Riverbank CA, Salida CA, Hughson CA, Oakdale CA, Escalon CA, Lathrop CA, Tracy CA, Manteca CA, Lathrop CA, Riverbank CA, Mountain House CA, Livermore CA,

Call Us Today!

© 2026

VIP Driving School LLC

Website by
WebAct

© 2026

VIP Driving School LLC | Website by
WebAct

Share by:
