URL: https://kanor.net/
TITLE: Kanor Driving School
STATUS: 200

Kanor Driving School

Skip to content

Call Us
(714) 821-4578
(Driving Lessons 7 days a week)

Twitter
Facebook
Yelp
Instagram

About Us

Meet our Team

Drivers Education

In-Car Driving Lessons

Traffic School

Contact

Student login

Open mobile menu
Close mobile menu

Professional Driving Training

At your fingertips!

Start Today

Plan Ahead, Reserve Your Spot Early! (714) 821-4578

Why Choose Kanor Driving School?

We pride ourselves on friendly service and flexible teaching styles during your driving lessons. All our instructors will make you feel at ease throughout your learning process while giving you the skills you need to pass your driving test with confidence.

Flexible lesson times

We offer a variety of lessons at different prices to fit any customer’s budget. There are also many flexible lesson times that you can choose from each day – morning, afternoon, evening, or even weekend. Whatever works for you, works for us!

Free pick-up and drop-off

We take care of the transportation for you – our instructors will pick you up and drop you off at your home, work address, etc., before and after each lesson. This means no more worrying about how to get to your driving class!

Intensive driving training sessions

Each 2 hour lesson provides professional training from start to finish with dual controls on the car so that you can really feel like you’re in control of the vehicle. It’s all designed to help prepare new drivers for their real-life experience on the road!

Renowned customer service team

We take pride in our excellent customer service team because they always go above and beyond to ensure that our customers are satisfied.

Driving school with a great reputation

We’ve been around for over 25 years with thousands of satisfied customers – learn why they choose us by reading some testimonials from our loyal customers!

Company
Team

Reviews

Location

5663 Lincoln Avenue, Suite A

Cypress CA, 90630

Office Hours

Mon to Fri
9:00 am–6:00 pm

Lunch
1:30 pm–2:30 pm

Sat –
Sun
Closed

(Driving Lessons 7 days a week)

Contact Us

Phone:
(714) 821 4578
Twitter:
@kanordriving.com
Email:
support@kanor.net

Follow Us
Twitter (deprecated)
Facebook
Instagram
Yelp

DMV LICENSED DRIVING SCHOOL E3971 | DMV LICENSED TRAFFIC SCHOOL E0402

Copyright © 1995-2026 Kanor Driving School, Inc.
All rights reserved.

Terms of service

Refund Policy

Privacy Policy

Back To Top

English

English

Accessibility Adjustments

Powered by

OneTap

Statement

Hide Toolbar

Back

Accessibility Commitment for Kanor Driving School, Inc.

At
Kanor Driving School, Inc.
, we are committed to making our digital presence as accessible and inclusive as reasonably possible for all users, including individuals with disabilities. Our goal is to improve the usability of
https://www.kanor.net
and to support a more accessible experience for everyone, regardless of their abilities or the technologies they use.

Our Approach to Accessibility

We aim to align with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which define internationally recognized standards for digital accessibility. While full compliance cannot always be guaranteed, we strive to implement improvements where feasible and regularly review accessibility-related aspects of our website. Accessibility is an ongoing process, and we are committed to improving the experience over time as technologies, standards, and user needs evolve.

Accessibility Features

To support accessibility,
https://www.kanor.net
may utilize tools such as the OneTap accessibility toolbar. This interface provides users with a range of helpful features, including:

Adjustable text size and contrast settings

Highlighting of links and text for better visibility

Full keyboard navigation of the toolbar interface

Quick launch via keyboard shortcut:
Alt + .
(Windows) or
⌘ + .
(Mac)

Please note the following:

The availability and effectiveness of these features depend on the website's configuration and ongoing maintenance.

While we strive to ensure accessibility, we cannot guarantee that every part of
https://www.kanor.net
will be fully accessible at all times. Some content may be provided by third parties or affected by technical constraints beyond our immediate control.

Feedback and Contact

We welcome your feedback. If you experience any accessibility barriers or have suggestions for improvement, please contact us: Email:
support@kanor.net
We are committed to reviewing all inquiries and aim to respond within 3–5 business days. If you require assistance accessing any part of this website, we are happy to provide support through alternative channels upon request.
Last updated:
July 30, 2026

How long do you want to hide the toolbar?

Hide Toolbar Duration

Only for this session

24 hours

A Week

Not Now

Hide Toolbar

Select your accessibility profile

Vision Impaired Mode

Enhances website's visuals

Vision Impaired Mode

Seizure Safe Profile

Clear flashes & reduces color

Seizure Safe Profile

ADHD Friendly Mode

Focused browsing, distraction-free

ADHD Friendly Mode

Blindness Mode

Reduces distractions, improves focus

Blindness Mode

Epilepsy Safe Mode

Dims colors and stops blinking

Epilepsy Safe Mode

Content Modules

Font Size

+

Default

-

Highlight Links

Line Height

+

Default

-

Readable Font

Cursor

Text Magnifier

Dyslexic Font

Align Text

Letter Spacing

Font Weight

Color Modules

Dark Contrast

Light Contrast

High Contrast

Monochrome

Saturation

Orientation Modules

Reading Line

Reading Mask

Browser needs to be updated

Your browser doesn’t support speech output. Please update your browser or use one with speech synthesis enabled (e.g. Chrome, Edge, Safari).

How to Update?

Read Page

Keyboard Navigation

Hide Images

Mute Sounds

Highlight Titles

Highlight Content

Stop Animations

Skip To Content

Choose...

Main Content

Navigation

Footer

Reset Settings
