URL: http://www.eadrivingschool.com/home.html
TITLE: Driving School
STATUS: 200

Driving School

SIGN ME UP!

Tel: 1-800-992-6002
.

Already signed up for the wonderful course. Click here to start or continue the course!

Our goal is simple: To create
learning success stories
, one student at a time.

Since the founder of the company started teaching drivers training and drivers education 30 years ago, Easy & Affordable Driving School (previous known as Best N' Affordable Driving School) has been helping thousand of students getting their driver license. We do this through personalized instruction, working hand-in-hand with the students and teachers for the most efficient learning.
We believed that "Safe and Defensive Driving" is not something you can inherit. It needs to be taught!
At Easy & Affordable Driving School, we are committed to "First in Safety".
We want every one of our student to drive defensively and skillfully.
​Our Instructors are committed to teach Safe Driving Practice, Rules and Regulation, Driving Responsibility and much more......

Welcome to the Easy & Affordable Driving School!

I loved this driving school. They have the lowest price and teach so well. I was shopping around and fine Easy & Affordable driving school to have the best deals
Some driving schools tried to charge double what this driving school charges.
I learned so much from this driving school and passed my driving test easily. I am glad that I found this driving school...
Tyron M.

I took both driver's education and in-car training with Easy & Affordable driving school. They make it so easy. I passed both my written test and driving test just once....
.
​Michael B.

I highly recommend this driving school. My instructor taught me so much about the safe driving practice. He explains a lot of useful stuff to look out for when driving.
I passed my driving test on my first attempt.
If you are looking for a good school. This is the right one!
Steven L.

Call us at:

OUR ONLINE DRIVERS EDUCATION IS APPROVED BY THE DMV
Online drivers education is fast, easy and affordable.
You learn the material at your convenience, when and where you want to and it's ONLY $48

DMV Approved Online Drivers Education

Being an adult learning for the first time. I thought that it would be hard to learn how to drive for my age. My instructor was so patient with me and taught me a lot.
He doesn't yell or screamed like my husband when he tries to teach me.
I was able to pass my driving test with almost a perfect score!
Mary W.

DMV PRACTICE TEST

It's my happy day. I passed my test with 100%!
Thank you very much to my instructor. I could not have passed the test without my instructor. She was so helpful. Gave me a lot of tips and prepared me for the driving test. I took the rental car service for the driving test too.
Everything was quick and smooth. I started with no experience and got my license in 9 days!
Derick C.

Student's Five Stars Review

Log In

DMV Approved Drivers Education
If you are under 17 1/2 years of age. CA DMV required either in class or online drivers education..
read more

Driving Lessons & Driving Test Preparation
Teens 6 Hours Special
Adult & Senior Drivers Training
Written Test Preparation
Free Pick-up and Drop Off
Nervous students are WELCOME!

DMV Practice Test and Drivers Handbook f
or Addtional Preparation for DMV Written Test

Sacramento County:

Santa Clara County:

SIGN ME UP!

Home
Driving Lesson
Seniors
Drivers Education
Driver Education Login Page
School & Agency
About Us
Contact Us
DMV Practice Test

Tel: 408-600-1200

Our Instructors
All our teachers are licensed as a professional driving instructors by DMV. All have taken courses to becomes a driving instructor and received their certifications as a professional...
read more

Tel: 510-646-1900
.

Tel: 415-665-8000
.

Tel: 925-471-7000
.

My driver instructor was great. He's very patient and calm. Gave me a lot of tips about driving. I was able to pass my driving test on my first trial. I strongly recommend this driving school.
Leslie M.

BIG SALES!!
Contact us now!

San Mateo County

San Francisco & Marin County

Tel: 650-502-3800
.

Easy & Affordable Driving School
30 Years of experience + Safe and easy way to learn to drive

Contra Costa County:

Tel: 916-744-8300

Alameda County

Home
About Us
Contact Us
Driving Lesson
Drivers Education
School & Agency
Seniors
DMV Practice Test

Copyright ©
Easy & Affordable Driving School, Inc

TOLL FREE:
1-800-992-6002

View on Mobile
