URL: https://masdrivingschool.com/
TITLE: MAS Driving And Traffic School - WHERE DRIVING MATTERS MAS
STATUS: 200

MAS Driving And Traffic School - WHERE DRIVING MATTERS MAS

909-961-2927
Hablamos Español

Mon to Friday:
9 AM to 5 PM

Saturday:
10 AM to 3 PM

Menu

Home

About Us

Minors

Adults

Car Rental For DMV & Brush UP

Traffic School

Sample Knowledge Tests

Contact Us

Tap To Call Us

Hablamos Español

California DMV Licensed

We are fully licensed and insured by the California Department of Motor Vehicles, ensuring full compliance with the highest standards of safety, professionalism, & instructional excellence.

15+ Years of Proven Experience

With over 15 years of proven experience in the driver education industry, we are a family-owned and operated business committed to providing personalized, high-quality instruction, with a strong dedication to safety, and have earned a trusted reputation.

2,500+ 5-Star Google Reviews

Rated by our students as one of the best driving schools in the Inland Empire, we take pride in our reputation. Try it for yourself and become part of our success story!

Professional
Instructors

Our bilingual instructors are not only certified but also calm, friendly, and experienced—making even nervous first-time drivers feel at ease.

Driving Test Car Rental Available

No car? No problem! We offer convenient rental vehicles equipped with dual controls, ready for your DMV driving test.

MAS Driving School

Where Driving Matters MAS

Licensed by the California DMV | Over 15 Years of Experience |
2,500+ 5-Star Google Reviews

Welcome to
MAS Driving School
, your trusted driving partner in Rialto, CA, and surrounding areas. With over 15 years of experience, our DMV-licensed instructors have helped thousands of new and experienced drivers gain the skills they need to stay safe and confident behind the wheel.

We’re proud to have earned the trust of our community with
2,500+ 5-star Google reviews
, and we continue to raise the standard in driver education.

Whether you're a teen preparing for your first driving test or an adult looking to refresh your driving skills, we’re here to help—safely, professionally, and with care.

Yes, you can even rent a car for your driving test through us!

Call Us Today: 909-961-2927 Hablamos Español

Any Certificate Replacement will cost $40.00 (NO EXCEPTIONS)

Services

Available For You

Courses For Adults

Whether you're learning to drive for the first time or need a refresher, MAS Driving School offers personalized driving lessons designed specifically for adult learners.

View All Details

Courses For Teens

MAS Driving School provide patient, professional instruction to help teens become safe, confident drivers—equipped with the skills to pass the DMV test & navigate the road for life.

View All Details

Car Rental for DMV Test

Don’t have access to a car for your driving test? We’ve got you covered! We offers DMV-approved car rentals for your behind-the-wheel exam, making test day smooth & stress-free.

View All Details

15+ Years

Teaching Experience

2,500+

5-Star Google Reviews

10,000+

Students Trained

95% First-Time

Pass Rate on DMV Tests

7 Days a Week

Scheduling Available

Gallery

A few highlights from our visual collection

View All Gallery

We’re Here to Help!

Call Us Today at 909-961-2927 Hablamos Español

STICK WITH THE BEST TO PASS YOUR TEST.

DRIVERS ED SIGN IN

Traffic School SIGN IN

Share Your Feedback on Google

We’d love to hear about your experience with us! Your review not only helps us improve but also helps others feel confident in choosing us. Thank you for your support!

Leave a Review

Services We Offer

MAS Driving And Traffic School

519 W. Foothill Blvd. Ste C,

Rialto, CA 92376

Phone No:. 909-961-2927

Hablamos Español

Email: masdrivingschool@gmail.com

Office Hours

Monday to Friday: 9 AM to 5 PM

Saturday: 10 AM to 3 PM

SUNDAY: CLOSED

Quick Links

- Home

- About Us

- Minors

- Adults

- Traffic School

- Car Rental

- Photo Gallery

- Contact Us

Mas Driving School

Copyright © 2026 MAS Driving & Traffic School. All rights reserved.

Powered By
MWS
