URL: https://academicdrivingschool.com/career-jobs/
TITLE: Career (jobs) - Academic Driving School
STATUS: 200

Career (jobs) - Academic Driving School

Skip to content

Academic Driving School

Home

About Us

Contact

Drivers Ed

Career (jobs)

Academic Driving school reviews

Driving FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)

California DMV Practice Test

Home

About Us

Contact

Drivers Ed

Career (jobs)

Academic Driving school reviews

Driving FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)

California DMV Practice Test

Search

Are you interested to become a driving instructor?

We are hiring

60 Hours of Driving School Instructor Training Course
Academic Driving School is approved and accredited by the DMV (Department of Motor Vehicle) to provide Driving School Instructor training program in State of California.
This course is an excellent resource for driving school instructors and driving schools looking to hire driving instructors for their schools. This 11-chapter course consists of 40 hours of classroom instruction and 20 hours of in-car preparation training.
Each chapter is dedicated to carefully covering the necessary information for becoming a qualified California driving instructor. A certificate of completion will provided to the instructor candidates (students) at the end of the course.
If you would like to become a Driving School instructor and would like to know about the fee of this program, please call the number (5105757653) to consulate further.
We are hiring:
Academic Driving School is looking for driving instructors full time/ part time, that are comfortable teaching teens and other new drivers. Experienced instructor are encourage to apply, but we will train good candidates to become an instructor.
​
Requirements to become driving Instructor :
You Must:
* Have a valid CA Driver’s License
* Be at least 25 years old
* Have at least 5 Years of driving experience
* Have a High School Diploma/GED (DMV required).
* Be able to provide proof of a Clean Driving Record
* Be able to pass a Fingerprint (live-Scan) Background Check (DMV required).
* Be able to pass a standard Medical Examination (DMV required).
* Be punctual, patient, friendly and have good communication skills
* Speak fluently English (Bilingual is a Plus)
Please send your resume and cover letter to info@academicdrivingschool.com
Job Type: Full-time/Part time

Improve your driving skills with confidence

Products

In Car driving training

Drivers Ed online

Traffic School

California Mature Driver Improvement

About

Stories

Community

Blog

Careers

Hours

Monday – Sunday: 8am – 8pm.

Contact us

TELEPHONE (510)-575-7653 (​415)-906-6665 ​(408) 785-7878

info@academicdrivingschool.com

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

© All rights reserved Academic Driving School LLC -2026

Twitter

Facebook

Dribbble

Youtube

Pinterest

Medium
