URL: https://coastlineacademy.com/ca/course/confident-parent-course
TITLE: Confident Parent Driver Coach Course
STATUS: 200

Confident Parent Driver Coach Course
Locations
Online Courses
Schedule Lesson
Resources
About
Sign In
Questions?

(800) 489-1896
·
Access Your Course
Confident Parent Driver Coach Course
Helping parents coach safer, more confident teen drivers
Self-paced, online course for parents of teen drivers

Applicable to every state

Review essential information such as driving laws and road test requirements

Learn how to coach driving skills with tips from certified Coastline instructors

Created by veteran Coastline driving instructors

Videos and knowledge checks on key topics

From Stressful Drives to Confident Coaching
We founded Coastline to modernize the driving school. Here's how we help parents support their teens to be safe and confident drivers for life.
Review the Rules of the Road
Even the most experienced drivers can benefit from revisiting the rules of the road. With your own driver’s education in the rearview mirror, a comprehensive review of what to do - and not to - when driving is essential to supporting your teen’s driving journey.
Understand the Teen Licensing Process
From permit restrictions to the road test, the teen licensing process can be full of confusing potholes. Our parent-taught course gives a broad overview of what to expect at each stage of your teen’s graduated licensing journey.
Learn How to Coach Driving Skills - The Coastline Way!
Not sure how to teach parallel parking? Is your teen struggling with staying centered on the road? Coaching driving skills can be difficult for an experienced driver - after all, when we’re on the road, we “just know” how to do things! But when you’re with your teen in the car, you’ll need to think like a driving instructor. Our course includes Coastline instructor tips and strategies to help you help your teen develop their skills behind the wheel.
Self-Paced - No Time Limit!
Our Parent-Taught Course is completely self-paced! Learn when it’s most convenient for you, whether it’s on your mobile device, tablet, or laptop.
Video, Images, & Text
Text, images, and videos allow you to learn through a variety of modalities and choose what works best for you!
98% of students rate their experience 5 stars
Really liked the structure and essence of the course, and it summed up the most important things in short responses.
Andres N
,
Chula Vista
Everything was perfect.
Erik T
,
Glendale
What I enjoyed most about the course was the unlimited test-taking attempts. It really took the stress off, and I was able to more thoroughly understand the rules.
Catherine T
,
San Jose
What You Will Learn
If the prospect of getting in the passenger seat with your new teen driver makes you a little nervous - you’re not alone! At Coastline, we believe knowledge is an essential first step to not only being a safe driver, but in training safe drivers. That’s why we’ve created a Parent-Taught Course to help support the parents of new drivers with the information and skills they need to coach their teen effectively behind the wheel.
Syllabus:
Chapter 1: Introduction
Chapter 2: Pre-Knowledge Check
Chapter 3: Getting a License
Chapter 4: Before You Get in the Car
Chapter 5: Teaching Driving Skills & Road Rule Review
Chapter 6: Understanding the Road Test
Chapter 7: When the Unexpected Happens
Chapter 8: The Student-Parent Contract
Chapter 9: Final Evaluation
Chapter 10: Checklists & Guides
Can I take the course on my phone?
Yes! Coastline’s easy and convenient online learning system allows you to take the course on your phone, tablet, or computer!
Will you provide guides and checklists?
Yes! At the end of the course, you can access printable guides and checklists to help you when you are in the car with your teen.
Get Started
We Are America's Largest Provider of Driving Lessons
Convenient online scheduling included
Students love our patient, friendly, professional instructors, our knowledgeable customer service staff, our modern cars, our simple online booking and our transparent prices.
It's why we have
100,000
5-star reviews and counting.
Once you have your learner's permit, come back to see what all the fuss is about!
Book your driving lessons
One of our late-model Toyota Corolla Hybrids
Already purchased the course? Tap here to sign back in.
How Can we Help?
Our customer service team is available from 7am to 8pm Pacific Time, 7 days a week.
Chat
Text us at

(800) 489-1896
.
Email
hello@coastlineacademy.com
Phone
Call us at

(800) 489-1896
.
We're on a mission to eradicate car crashes by helping people become safe, confident drivers for life.
California License E2115
Colorado Certificate 9906
Texas Licenses C3371, C3371b, C3371c
Las Vegas License #PRDS00051916
Reno License #PRDS00051767
Indianapolis, IN License PDF
Valparaiso, IN License PDF
Illinois License #9505
Illinois Adult Drivers Ed License #3389
Pennsylvania Reporting Code 300462730
Washington License #25014847 and #25014866
© Coastline Academy
Explore locations
View all locations
California
Colorado
Illinois
Indiana
Nevada
Pennsylvania
Texas
Washington
Online courses
Student resources
Book driving lessons
Drivers Ed courses
Permit Practice Tests
How to Get a License
Articles
Pricing
Reviews
Sell your school
About Coastline
Our Story
Reviews
Contact
Careers
Affiliates
Terms of Service
Privacy Notice
Your Privacy Choices
