URL: https://coastlineacademy.com/il/course/drivers-ed
TITLE: Illinois Classroom Drivers Ed
STATUS: 200

Illinois Classroom Drivers Ed
Locations
Online Courses
Schedule Lesson
Resources
About
Sign In
New to licenses?
Not sure how to get your license?
Open Guide
Steps to Getting Your License
Drivers Ed is the first step. Here are all the steps to getting your license.
1
Step
1
Drivers Ed Classroom Course
You are here
Teens must complete an in-person classroom course first.
2
Step
2
Pass Written Test
Once enrolled in a driver's ed classroom course, submit the required paperwork and receive your permit application. You can then take your written test to earn your permit.
Complete Forms
3
Step
3
Take Driving Lessons
We offer packages covering the state-required 8 hours of private instruction.
Book Lessons
4
Step
4
Pass your Road Test
After taking your lessons, practicing for 50 hours with your parents, and holding a permit for 9+ months, pass your driving test at the SOS office to earn your license. Want to skip the lines at SOS? Book your road test with us!
Call (800) 489-1896 to book
Need more licensing details?

Visit our help article
.
Questions?

(800) 489-1896
·
Access Your Course
FIVE-O Driving School joins Coastline Academy
Complete driver education and training from the nation's largest driving school.
In-person at our Arlington Heights classroom

30 hours of engaging classroom instruction

For teens 15-17 years of age

Receive your permit application as early as the first day of class

Drive with your parents upon receiving your permit!

Behind the wheel availability guaranteed

Enrolling Classroom Sessions
You can choose the session you wish to attend during signup
All Classes
Open Only
Closed Only
Open Classes
Closed Classes
Frequently Asked Questions
We're here to help! See the questions below or reach out to us at any time.
How long does it take to complete our entire Teen Program?
The 30 hours of classroom instruction is typically finished over the period of 4 weeks. You can start booking lessons as soon as you have your permit. You have 1 year from your purchase to finish the program. By booking a few lessons a month and practicing in between time with your parents or guardian, you should be completed well within the 1 year of allotted time.
How old do I have to be to enroll?
You must be at least 15 years of age by the final date of classroom instruction.
When can I get my instruction permit?
15 year olds will be granted their permit application on the first day of class, provided all contracts are signed on the website and we have a copy of their report cards on file.
When can I start driving on the street?
Teens with a permit can drive with parents and start scheduling lessons immediately.
How long do I have to complete your entire driver's education program
Teens must complete all Coastline classes & driving lessons within 1 year from the day they begin classroom.
How many classes can I miss?
It is a State of Illinois Regulation that driver's education students may only miss 4 classes, anymore and they're required to start the program over again from lesson one. Even if the student makes up the classes immediately, they may still only miss FOUR. This includes attending a different class on the same day. There is no additional charge for our program if you are required to start over.
How do I make up classes?
There are no appointments necessary. The classes are timed based therefore students may attend any class currently in session. Make sure to print and sign your name legibly on the attendance sheet to get credit for the make up class.
Where can I find a class and policy checklist?
Scroll down on this page for the Checklist!
Where is the classroom and office located?
We are at 401 S. Arlington Heights Road, Arlington Heights, IL 60005
Things to Know
To meet IL state requirements for drivers ed, you can miss and make up no more than 4 sessions, otherwise you must retake the course
You will receive a permit application when we have all of your required documentation and copies of 2 report cards showing 8 passing grades
Please get your permit within the first 30 days of class
Driving lessons are one hour in length
You have 1 year to complete our program starting from your purchase date
When you have completed your classroom instruction & BTW we will email you a Certificate of Completion and notify the Secretary of State's office
We Are America's Largest Provider of Driving Lessons
Convenient online scheduling included
Students love our patient, friendly, professional instructors, our knowledgeable customer service staff, our modern cars, our simple online booking and our transparent prices.
It's why we have
100,000
5-star reviews and counting.
Once you have your learner's permit, come back to see what all the fuss is about!
Book your driving lessons
One of our late-model Toyota Corolla Hybrids
Helpful Links
Classroom Course Materials
Drivers Education Course Completion Check
Free Permit Practice Tests
Illinois Rules of the Road
50 Hours Practice Driving Log Under 18 Applicant
Graduated License Rules
Instruction Permit Requirements
Parent Teen Driving Guide
Acceptable Identification
Illinois Permit Allowed by State
Parental Teen Drivers License Access
Center for Disease Control Teen Driver Parental Advice
Parent Teen Written Driving Agreement
Drivers Education Approval Form for the High School
Already purchased the course? Tap here to sign back in.
How Can we Help?
Our customer service team is available from 7am to 8pm Pacific Time, 7 days a week.
Chat
Text us at

(800) 489-1896
.
Email
hello@coastlineacademy.com
Phone
Call us at

(800) 489-1896
.
We're on a mission to eradicate car crashes by helping people become safe, confident drivers for life.
California License E2115
Colorado Certificate 9906
Texas Licenses C3371, C3371b, C3371c
Las Vegas License #PRDS00051916
Reno License #PRDS00051767
Indianapolis, IN License PDF
Valparaiso, IN License PDF
Illinois License #9505
Illinois Adult Drivers Ed License #3389
Pennsylvania Reporting Code 300462730
Washington License #25014847 and #25014866
© Coastline Academy
Explore locations
View all locations
California
Colorado
Illinois
Indiana
Nevada
Pennsylvania
Texas
Washington
Online courses
Student resources
Book driving lessons
Drivers Ed courses
Permit Practice Tests
How to Get a License
Articles
Pricing
Reviews
Sell your school
About Coastline
Our Story
Reviews
Contact
Careers
Affiliates
Terms of Service
Privacy Notice
Your Privacy Choices
