URL: https://coastlineacademy.com/in/course/drivers-ed
TITLE: Indiana Drivers Ed Online
STATUS: 200

Indiana Drivers Ed Online
Locations
Online Courses
Schedule Lesson
Resources
About
Sign In
New to licenses?
Not sure how to get your license?
Open Guide
Steps to Getting Your License
Drivers Ed is the first step. Here are all the steps to getting your license.
1
Step
1
Pass Drivers Ed Course
You are here
Before you can take your written test at the BMV, you must be enrolled in a state-approved Drivers Ed course. We highly recommend you complete this course before taking your written test.
2
Step
2
Register for Driving Lessons
The second requirement before taking your written test is to register for driving lessons. Once registered, you will receive your CDE (certificate).
Book Lessons
3
Step
3
Pass Written Test at BMV
Registered for Drivers Ed and Driving Lessons, and have your CDE? Time to take your written test at the BMV!
Make Appointment
4
Step
4
Take Driving Lessons
Passed your test? Great! Now you are ready to take your first driving lessons. Reserve your spot now so you can get going as soon as you have your permit.
Book Lessons
5
Step
5
Pass your Road Test
After completing your online Drivers Ed course and driving lessons, you can take your road test. Make a reservation at the BMV and pass your test to receive your license or skip the lines and take your road test with us.
Call (800) 489-1896 to book
Need more licensing details?

Visit our help article
.
Questions?

(800) 489-1896
·
Access Your Course
Indiana Drivers Ed Online
Indiana BMV-Approved Online Drivers Ed.
Approved by the Indiana BMV

Includes completion certificate

6-hour behind the wheel enrollment required to receive CDE

Accessibility compliant with screen reader-ready PDFs

Self-paced course, within state requirements

Drivers Ed Online: A Better Experience
We founded Coastline to modernize the driving school. Here's how we modernize teen Drivers Ed to get your learner's permit.
Fast and convenient
Friendly customer support
Video, images and text
98% of students rate their experience 5 stars
Really liked the structure and essence of the course, and it summed up the most important things in short responses.
Andres N
,
Chula Vista
Everything was perfect.
Erik T
,
Glendale
What I enjoyed most about the course was the unlimited test-taking attempts. It really took the stress off, and I was able to more thoroughly understand the rules.
Catherine T
,
San Jose
What You Will Learn
This course is intended for new drivers who wish to earn a Indiana learner's permit. It is required by the state of Indiana for all teenagers. Once you purchase lessons, you will receive your CDE, so you can take your written test at the BMV and earn your learner's permit. Note: This course is provided by our partner, so the syllabus is not in the same order as you will see in the course, however it covers similar topics.
Syllabus:
Chapter 1: Driving is Your Responsibility
Chapter 2: Human Factors Affecting the Driver
Chapter 3: Natural Forces Affecting the Automobile
Chapter 4: Traffic Signs, Signals and Road Markings
Chapter 5: Vehicle Systems
Chapter 6: Defensive Driving, Speed, Lanes, Intersections & More
Chapter 7: Sharing the Road, Causes of Accidents & Accident Prevention
Chapter 8: Alcohol, Drugs & Driving
Chapter 9: Licensing, Registration & Vehicle Codes
Chapter 10: Earning a Driver License
Can I take the course on my phone?
Instead of spending the 30 hours it takes to complete the driver's ed course in a classroom, you can take it online. Better yet, with Coastline Academy you can do the entire course on your phone. Or jump back and forth between your phone, tablet, and computer. You'll get the information you need to pass your permit test and start driving.
Are there practice tests?
Yes! Every section ends with a practice test that you can take as many times as you need. We also have a mock test at the end that is just like the one you will take at the DMV.
Get Started
We Are America's Largest Provider of Driving Lessons
Convenient online scheduling included
Students love our patient, friendly, professional instructors, our knowledgeable customer service staff, our modern cars, our simple online booking and our transparent prices.
It's why we have
100,000
5-star reviews and counting.
Once you have your learner's permit, come back to see what all the fuss is about!
Book your driving lessons
One of our late-model Toyota Corolla Hybrids
Already purchased the course? Tap here to sign back in.
How Can we Help?
Our customer service team is available from 7am to 8pm Pacific Time, 7 days a week.
Chat
Text us at

(800) 489-1896
.
Email
hello@coastlineacademy.com
Phone
Call us at

(800) 489-1896
.
We're on a mission to eradicate car crashes by helping people become safe, confident drivers for life.
California License E2115
Colorado Certificate 9906
Texas Licenses C3371, C3371b, C3371c
Las Vegas License #PRDS00051916
Reno License #PRDS00051767
Indianapolis, IN License PDF
Valparaiso, IN License PDF
Illinois License #9505
Illinois Adult Drivers Ed License #3389
Pennsylvania Reporting Code 300462730
Washington License #25014847 and #25014866
© Coastline Academy
Explore locations
View all locations
California
Colorado
Illinois
Indiana
Nevada
Pennsylvania
Texas
Washington
Online courses
Student resources
Book driving lessons
Drivers Ed courses
Permit Practice Tests
How to Get a License
Articles
Pricing
Reviews
Sell your school
About Coastline
Our Story
Reviews
Contact
Careers
Affiliates
Terms of Service
Privacy Notice
Your Privacy Choices
