URL: https://dollardrivingofventura.com/courses-2/
TITLE: Courses - Driving Schools | Ventura, Oxnard, Camarillo, Santa Paula, Ojai & Fillmore
STATUS: 200

Courses - Driving Schools | Ventura, Oxnard, Camarillo, Santa Paula, Ojai & Fillmore

Call Us Today!
805-653-6475

805-653-6475

Google Reviews

Follow
Follow
Follow

Home

Courses

Resident / Senior

Locations

Camarillo

Oxnard

Ojai

More Information

Contact Us

Enroll Here

Enrolled Student Login

TEEN DRIVING COURSE – TEEN DRIVER TRAINING

Before your 18th birthday, you must have an approved course in Driver’s Education and Driver’s Training.

DRIVER’S EDUCATION:

This is a 30 Hour Drivers Education Course as outlined and approved by the California Department of Motor Vehicles. Information in this course will assist the reader in gathering adequate information in order to pass the written DMV test. It is very easy to use, you simply log into the web site and enroll or, you can call us and register on the phone and begin immediately! When you register, you can choose your own password and username and gain access to the course. The course is divided into 11 chapters, with video interaction and video clips throughout.

Once you finish each chapter you will have a short quiz to test your knowledge. You must get a mandatory 75% to move to the next chapter. When you pass the quiz you will able to save your score, if you missed to many questions, you will be able to go back and read over the material and retake the quiz. The computer will grade the tests and you will know immediately if you have passed. Upon successful completion of the driver education course, we will send the original certificate of completion to you.

Your fee for the course includes the entire program and the completion certificate. We created our online driver ed course to be as convenient and interesting as possible, We have included interactive games and videos to keep you learning while actually enjoying your time on our site. You work at your own pace around your own schedule. If you leave the site your information and test scores will be saved, so you can log back in anytime and continue with the course.

DRIVER’S TRAINING:

At Dollar Driving School of Ventura, each student is picked up by their instructor and returned to the location for which previous arrangements have been made. All lessons are private, and consist of six hours behind the wheel, in accordance with minimum State requirement. Upon completion, a certificate of Driver’s Training is issued to the student in compliance with State requirements.

REFRESHER COURSES:

Psychological test prove that people who enjoy driving are safe because they relax behind the wheel. Surveys also indicate that those who have taken refresher course improve their driving skills and are therefore, better drivers.

DRIVING COURSES FOR EVERYONE:

Dollar Driving School of Ventura offers competent instructors to the beginner, senior citizen, new resident or anyone who may need a “refresher” course.

ONLINE DRIVER’S EDUCATION & DRIVER’S TRAINING:
805-653-6475

Specials

• Specially Equipped Vehicles with Dual-brake & Gas Systems
• Free Pick-Up: Days, Evenings & Weekends
• New & Late Model Air Conditioned Cars
• Liability Insurance on All Vehicles

Offering you Driver’s Education & Training Since 1989

Permit Information

Driving Test Info

DMV Practice Test

Provisional License

DMV Appointment

CA. Driver Handbook

Contact Information

Dollar Driving School of Ventura

Phone:

805-653-6475

State Licensed School #3218

Business Hours

Monday – Friday: 10:00 AM – 5:00 PM

Saturday: 10:00 AM – 2:00 PM

Since 1989

Dollar Driving School of Ventura is not affiliated with the DMV, and the department shall not be responsible for distributed materials, advertisements, etc.
Click here to read the DMV Disclaimer

Copyright Ⓒ All Rights Reserved | Designed by
LocalPull
