URL: https://dollardrivingofventura.com/info/
TITLE: More Information - Driving Schools | Ventura, Oxnard, Camarillo, Santa Paula, Ojai & Fillmore
STATUS: 200

More Information - Driving Schools | Ventura, Oxnard, Camarillo, Santa Paula, Ojai & Fillmore

Call Us Today!
805-653-6475

805-653-6475

Google Reviews

Follow
Follow
Follow

Home

Courses

Resident / Senior

Locations

Camarillo

Oxnard

Ojai

More Information

Contact Us

Enroll Here

Enrolled Student Login

PASS YOUR DRIVING TEST

DMV Shares Top 10 Mistakes

The behind-the-wheel test is the last exam new drivers must take to obtain their California driver license. For some, it’s a breeze, thank to the time spent driving under the tutelage of parents or diligent driving instructors. For others who haven’t studied or don’t have enough experience on the road, the test can be disastrous and very stressful. DMV examiners across the state have seen it all. Drivers changing lanes without checking their blind spots, speeding in school zones, and even waiting beyond the limit line when a train is headed right toward them!

To avoid freezing you and be as prepared as possible for your test, study the handbook. It’s the best way to find out what is required an the drive test. But more importantly, spend ample time behind the wheel before your test so you feel comfortable and know what to expect. Another great tool is the DMV YouTube page at www.youtube.com/californiadmv which offers free educational videos on the top 10 reasons people fail their behind-the-wheel test. The key issues are listed below, with a quick tip for each.

1. UNSAFE LANE CHANGES

Make sure to use the correct signal, check your mirrors and look over your shoulder to see if it’ safe before changing lanes.

2. FAILURE TO YIELD

When making a left turn at a stop light, you must yield to oncoming traffic unless you are protected by the green arrow. Even in that case, you should make sure no other cars are still approaching before entering the intersection.

3. FAILURE TO STOP

You must come to a complete stop before you cross the limit line or proceed into a cross walk. After stopping and checking for pedestrians, it is then OK to slowly approach and see make sure it is safe to make the turn.

4. ILLEGAL LEFT TURNS

Stay in your lane when making a left turn. Fading into the outer lane is an automatic fail on the test, is very dangerous and could result in a collision with another car.

5. IMPROPER SPEED

Be aware of the speed limit everywhere you go. Always pay attention to the posted speed signs and adhere to them. They vary in school and construction zones, as well as residential and commercial areas, so it’s very important to stay aware at all times and heed the speed laws.

6. LACK OF EXPERIENCE

Prepare for your test. Try to make sure that you are driving in different situations so that you can become more comfortable on the road. Review the YouTube page the DMV has to become more familiar with all the mistakes others have made before you, and then maybe you can avoid them altogether! .

7. UNFAMILIAR WITH VEHICLE

Part of the behind-the-wheel test is knowing how to use certain functions of your car. While it’s always better to use the car you learned to drive with, if you must borrow a friend or family member’s ca to take the test, learn how to turn on their windshield wipers, hazard lights, turn signals and where their parking brake is located BEFORE coming in to take your test.

8. POOR SCANNING

Be aware of what is going on around you what other drivers are doing. Look to your left and right and check your mirrors periodically. Driving is dangerous and it should be taken seriously. Avoid any distractions and pay attention to what is going on around you.

9. TO CAUTIOUS

While it’s important to be careful when you are driving, being too careful can also create traffic hazards. Be confident, drive the speed limit and accept the right of way when it’s yours.

10. UNFAMILIAR WITH TRAFFIC SITUATIONS

Again, experience behind the wheel is key when taking the test. Exposure to different road elements (such as roundabouts) and traffic environment (like downtown or highway driving) will help you be better prepared for your driving test.

And their you have it! The behind-the-wheel test can be simple for someone who is ready and prepared. Just get out there and drive because the best way to prepare is to have real life, practical experience.

For more information on how to successfully pass your driving test, or other DMV related services, visit www.dmv.ca.gov Save time. Go online!

A Provisional Driver License is given to people under 18 years old. California Vehicle Code Section 12814.6:

FIRST YEAR RESTRICTIONS

Shall not drive between the hours of 11 p.m. and 5 a.m. unless accompanied and supervised by a licensed driver who is the parent/guardian, a licensed driver who is 25 years of age or older, or a certified driving instructor.

Shall not transport passengers who are under the age of 20 unless accompanied and supervised by a licensed driver who is the parent/guardian, a licensed driver who is 25 years of age or older, or a certified driving instructor.

*THE FOLLOWING EXCEPTIONS APPLY:

• Medical necessity

• Employment necessity

• School-authorized activities

• Parental consent

• Emancipated minor

• Each exception requires the appropriate documentation.

DRIVING SCHOOL POLICY

*It is the student’s responsibility to make sure that the Instruction Permit, issued by D.M.V., is in their possession for EACH driving lesson. Copies will not be acceptable

*There will be a $30.00 service charge for all NO-SHOWS, or lessons canceled without 24 hours prior notice, as well as, lessons canceled because the student did not have their Instruction Permit at the time of the lesson.

*Refunds will be subject to a $100.00 processing fee.

*6 hours of Driving Instruction is required by D.M.V. for all drivers under age 17 1/2. Each lesson is 2 hours, a total of 3 lessons. The 3rd (last) lesson should be scheduled at least 45 days in advance. Last lesson should be scheduled one week before DMV test. Be sure to schedule your last lesson with us before making the Drive Test appointment with the D.M.V.

*I agree to all conditions stated and if I am under 18 years of age, to show this form to my parents so that they are aware of these conditions as well.

*Please note: We will do our best to arrange for you the closest time available for your behind-the-wheel lessons. However, 95 % of our clientele are teenagers in school and the late afternoon and weekend lesson times go first and therefore, will have a longer wait period. If you can make arrangements to take a lesson during a weekday, early morning or early afternoon, before 3:00 PM, you should be able to get an earlier appointment time. Otherwise, the wait could be as long as four weeks. Summer time it is the busiest time of the year for us, the wait could also be as long as four weeks.

Driving schools in oxnard. driving schools in Camarillo. teen driving school. driving schools in ojai.

Offering you Driver’s Education & Training Since 1989

Permit Information

Driving Test Info

DMV Practice Test

Provisional License

DMV Appointment

CA. Driver Handbook

Contact Information

Dollar Driving School of Ventura

Phone:

805-653-6475

State Licensed School #3218

Business Hours

Monday – Friday: 10:00 AM – 5:00 PM

Saturday: 10:00 AM – 2:00 PM

Since 1989

Dollar Driving School of Ventura is not affiliated with the DMV, and the department shall not be responsible for distributed materials, advertisements, etc.
Click here to read the DMV Disclaimer

Copyright Ⓒ All Rights Reserved | Designed by
LocalPull
