URL: https://psc411.com/drivers-education-faqs
TITLE: 
STATUS: 200

Click To Skip To Main Content

9880 Via Pasar Suite F San Diego, CA 92126
(858) 621-2313
M-Thur: 7:00am - 5:00pm, Fri By Phone

Home
Workplace
Course Information
Training
COSS/COSM
Consulting
Get Consulting Quote
Membership
Online Courses
COSS Reviews
Membership Reviews
Consulting Reviews
COSS FAQ
Training FAQ's
Safety Classes Jan-June 2026
Motorcycle
Motorcycle Safety
Register
Advanced Classes
Locations
FAQ
Drivers Ed
Drivers Ed
Teens
Adults/Seniors
Resources
FAQ
Car Seat Safety
Car Seat Safety
Private Car Seat Installs
Keep 'Em Safe
Tips & Resources
FAQ
FAQ
Motorcycle
COSS/COSM
Consulting
Training FAQ's
Drivers Ed
Keep 'Em Safe
About
About Us
Board Of Directors
Membership
Privacy Policy
Strategic Partners
Contact
Unlock Savings

Become a Member
Start E-Learning!

Pacific Safety Center

Drivers Education FAQ's
Home

Drivers Education FAQ's
Drivers Education FAQs
Do I have to take Drivers Education?
If you are under the age of 18, you are required to complete Drivers Education and Behind-The-Wheel Training before you can get your license.
Do I need to have a permit to get my license?
Yes. Regardless of your age, you have to pass the DMV knowledge test to obtain your permit in order to learn to drive.
How old do I have to be to get my permit?
You must be at least 15 ½.
How long is my permit valid?
The permit is valid for a year from the time you take your first permit test. If you fail your first permit test you must take another one as quickly as possible because your time has already started. If the student does not get their license in the allotted timeframe, they must retake their permit test at the DMV, and pay any applicable fees associated with retaking the permit test.
What are the steps to getting a permit?
The first step to getting a permit is to complete a driver education classroom or online course. After the student has completed the driver education course they will receive a certificate of completion stating that they have completed the requirements of the course.
What do I have to bring to the DMV to get my permit?
There are six items that the student must bring:
Certificate of Completion of Driver Education classroom or online course
DMV form DL44 (requires parents’ signatures) -You can obtain this form at the DMV
Original copy of Birth Certificate
Social Security Card
Check made payable to the DMV for $33. This fee allows the student to take the permit test up to three times. If the student fails the permit test three times they will have to pay the fee again
Note: The permit does not become valid until you begin driver training (Behind-the-Wheel) and the permit is signed by a licensed driving instructor.
Can I take my driver education class online?
Yes, you can. It’s very affordable and convenient. Take our online Driver’s Education Course and Receive a DMV-Recognized Certificate of Completion, necessary for obtaining your Learners Permit and taking the Driver License Exam.
Can I drive by myself?
On a learner’s permit you must be accompanied by a licensed driver 25 years or older. If you are caught driving without a license or alone on a learner’s permit, the police will impound your vehicle for 30 days as well as write you a ticket that you will have to go to court on and they could postpone your getting a license. These are hefty fines and a serious inconvenience. Don’t start off on the wrong foot.
How long do I have to wait to get my license?
You must be 15 ½ before you can take the written test to get a permit. After you get your permit you must practice with supervision for 6 months before you can go to get your license. There are no exceptions.
Do I have to have insurance?
No. You will be covered by our insurance when you take Behind-the-Wheel Training and you are covered by your parent’s insurance while driving with them provided you have a learner’s permit. Auto insurance companies will not insure you until you have a license.
What kind of vehicles do you use?
All of our vehicles have dual brakes. Currently, our fleet consists of Toyota Corollas and Camrys based on their reliability and safety records.

Start Training Today
Questions? Concerns? Get In Touch!
Contact PSC
Operating as a nonprofit, the Pacific Safety Center has been at the forefront of safety training and consulting for businesses and community groups for over half a century.
Quick Links
Home
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Categories
Workplace Training
Motorcycle Training
Drivers Ed Training
Car Seat Safety
Contact

(858) 621-2313

info@psc411.com

9880 Via Pasar Suite F San Diego, CA 92126
© Copyright 2025 - Designed and Developed By
Oak Harbor Web Designs
