URL: https://psc411.com/coss-reviews
TITLE: 
STATUS: 200

Click To Skip To Main Content

9880 Via Pasar Suite F San Diego, CA 92126
(858) 621-2313
M-Thur: 7:00am - 5:00pm, Fri By Phone

Home
Workplace
Course Information
Training
COSS/COSM
Consulting
Get Consulting Quote
Membership
Online Courses
COSS Reviews
Membership Reviews
Consulting Reviews
COSS FAQ
Training FAQ's
Safety Classes Jan-June 2026
Motorcycle
Motorcycle Safety
Register
Advanced Classes
Locations
FAQ
Drivers Ed
Drivers Ed
Teens
Adults/Seniors
Resources
FAQ
Car Seat Safety
Car Seat Safety
Private Car Seat Installs
Keep 'Em Safe
Tips & Resources
FAQ
FAQ
Motorcycle
COSS/COSM
Consulting
Training FAQ's
Drivers Ed
Keep 'Em Safe
About
About Us
Board Of Directors
Membership
Privacy Policy
Strategic Partners
Contact
Unlock Savings

Become a Member
Start E-Learning!

Pacific Safety Center

COSS Reviews
Home

COSS Reviews
Testimonials
COSS Testimonials
The COSS certificate is an excellent course for those persons seeking to gain knowledge in the field of safety and desiring a certificate of their knowledge and skills. I would recommend the COSS course to all safety-oriented persons and organizations.
Construction

James McGowan, COSS, Irby Construction
… I would like to tell anyone who is looking into safety, or in the process of starting a safety program, that this is one of the most intense classes I have ever taken. I would like to thank COSS Administration for all their time and effort.
Contractors

John Williams, COSS, Triad Electric
This class has been extremely helpful in my day-to-day activities in the safety field. I would highly recommend this course to any practicing safety individual who aspires to a career in the safety field. Very helpful to anyone who works in safety that has not been formally educated in college, but seeks to make a difference.
Fire Department, Fire Safety

Peter R. Martin, COSS, Centerville Fire Dept.
Being new to the safety field, I had very limited safety knowledge. After taking the COSS class, I feel 100% more confident and knowledgeable in my new position. The information given in the course was very helpful. I recommend the class to every new safety professional.
Heavy Equipment/Industrial

Joe Eubanks, COSS, H & E Equipment Services
The COSS class was an awesome event to gain a large amount of knowledge to expand our safety program. The class instructor was terrific and presented loads of great info. Now I can sign my name Greg Vigneau, COSS. I am very proud of the COSS Administration for their hard work.
Government

Greg Vigneau, COSS, City of Corona
I came to this class with only 2 months in safety. During this class I was challenged to the limits. But at the end I feel that I now know 10 times more than I did when I started. Thanks.
Grain Elevator/Export

Russell Johns, COSS, Zen-Noh Grain Corporation
The COSS course is an excellent course for frontline supervisors and safety professionals. A wide variety of compliance issues are addressed and useful tools provided. If you’re looking for an avenue to bring value to the bottom line and minimize loss exposure, this is the course for you.
Oil & Gas

Troy R. Roach, COSS, HSE Manager, Veritas DGC Land
The best training course I’ve attended in a long time.
Petrochemical – Pipeline Distribution

Paul Amy, COSS, BP Amoco
Course material was comprehensive and very practical. Discussions added to the learning experience. I am much better equipped to recognize, control and prevent hazards. My awareness has increased tenfold. Great course. A must for any technical professional.
Plants/Manufacturing

Brenda Maris, COSS, Georgia Gulf Corporation
Super class; this is like a boot camp on safety. You will definitely leave this class ready for the safety world.
Service Industries

Jason B. Harleau, COSS, Edgen
I value the COSS certificate because it represents my commitment to safety and is a standard to be measured by.
Transport/Distributor

Mark Pitcock, COSS, Schneider National Bulk Carriers
Start Training Today
Questions? Concerns? Get In Touch!
Contact PSC
Operating as a nonprofit, the Pacific Safety Center has been at the forefront of safety training and consulting for businesses and community groups for over half a century.
Quick Links
Home
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Categories
Workplace Training
Motorcycle Training
Drivers Ed Training
Car Seat Safety
Contact

(858) 621-2313

info@psc411.com

9880 Via Pasar Suite F San Diego, CA 92126
© Copyright 2025 - Designed and Developed By
Oak Harbor Web Designs
