URL: https://psc411.com/keep-em-safe-faqs
TITLE: 
STATUS: 200

Click To Skip To Main Content

9880 Via Pasar Suite F San Diego, CA 92126
(858) 621-2313
M-Thur: 7:00am - 5:00pm, Fri By Phone

Home
Workplace
Course Information
Training
COSS/COSM
Consulting
Get Consulting Quote
Membership
Online Courses
COSS Reviews
Membership Reviews
Consulting Reviews
COSS FAQ
Training FAQ's
Safety Classes Jan-June 2026
Motorcycle
Motorcycle Safety
Register
Advanced Classes
Locations
FAQ
Drivers Ed
Drivers Ed
Teens
Adults/Seniors
Resources
FAQ
Car Seat Safety
Car Seat Safety
Private Car Seat Installs
Keep 'Em Safe
Tips & Resources
FAQ
FAQ
Motorcycle
COSS/COSM
Consulting
Training FAQ's
Drivers Ed
Keep 'Em Safe
About
About Us
Board Of Directors
Membership
Privacy Policy
Strategic Partners
Contact
Unlock Savings

Become a Member
Start E-Learning!

Pacific Safety Center

Keep 'Em Safe FAQ's
Home

Keep 'Em Safe FAQ's
Keep ’em Safe Program FAQs
Who qualifies for the “Keep ‘Em Safe” program?
The Child Passenger Safety (CPS) Seat “Keep ‘Em Safe” program provides service to low/medium-income and refugee families whose income is at or below 100% of the Federal Poverty Income Guidelines. Parents and/or legal guardian who register for a class MUST provide the following:
proper photo identification (such as DMV issued ID, passport or military ID);
proof of low income status (such as paystubs, EBT card, WIC folder or any government assistance documentation); and
proof of relationship (such as child’s birth certificate, tax form, case file, etc.) for each child that receives a car seat.
Who can join the "Keep 'Em Safe" program?
If you are a family with a low or medium income, or your income is at or below 200% of the Federal Poverty Income Guidelines, you can join the "Keep 'Em Safe" program. To sign up for the CPS class, parents or legal guardians need to show: (1) a valid photo ID (like a driver's license, passport, or military ID), (2) proof of low income (like paystubs, EBT card, or government assistance papers), and (3) proof of relationship (like a child's birth certificate or tax form) for each child getting a car seat.
When and Where Can I Attend "Keep 'Em Safe" Classes and Check-up Events?
The process for attending "Keep 'Em Safe" classes has been updated. Parents or caregivers must complete self-guided online training before receiving a car seat. You can start the online training at your convenience. To start, please pre-register by texting "CAR SEAT" at 619-455-8194. After successfully registering, the following link will be sent to the parent so they can complete the Self-Guided Online Training. As for our check-up events, we typically organize 5-7 child safety seat check-up events each month. These events occur on different dates, times, and locations to accommodate various schedules. Most of our child safety seat check-up events are held on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays between 7:00 am and 1:00 pm.
How Can I Find Out About Child Passenger Safety Classes and Check-up Events?
Our Child Passenger Safety (CPS) classes are designed to be flexible and self-paced, allowing you to begin at your convenience. To attend, please pre-register by texting "CAR SEAT" to 619-455-8194. You'll be eligible for a car seat once you have received and completed the self-guided online training and met all the requirements. Appointments for check-up events are scheduled after you've successfully registered for the training, completed the online self-paced course, and fulfilled all the necessary prerequisites to receive a car seat.
Who teaches the classes and checks the car seats?
All the people who lead CPS classes and check car seats are certified National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) Child Passenger Safety Technicians or Instructors (CPSTI).
Can I get a translator if I don't speak English well?
Some of our technicians speak more than one language. Still, we suggest that refugees and people who don't speak English bring their translators to the Child Passenger Safety classes unless the class is in their native language.
How many car seats can one family get?
If a child doesn't have a car seat or needs a new one (as decided by a CPS technician's inspection), eligible families can get one car seat per household. We want to help every family and keep each child safe, but our grant rules limit how many seats we can give to one family. However, we will tell parents or caregivers where to find more seats if needed.
Do I need to bring my child to the check-up event?
Children MUST be present at the check-up event. This helps the CPS technician tailor the car seat inspection to your child's needs.
I'm pregnant and will have a child soon. Can I sign up for the Child Passenger Safety class?
Pregnant women can register for the class if they are at least 32 weeks pregnant. However, it would be best if they were at least 36 weeks pregnant to receive a car seat.
Can I donate to the "Keep 'Em Safe" program?
Absolutely! Donations can be made to the Pacific Safety Center, a 501(c)3 non-profit organization. Your donations are tax-deductible.
Do I need to own a car to participate?
No, you don't need to own a car, but you should bring one (preferably the car where the child spends the most time) to the check-up event for a proper car seat inspection. You'll receive training for each seat that is distributed.
What if I can't make it to a check-up event?
We strongly recommend attending a check-up event. Car seats can be distributed case-by-case at the Pacific Safety Center, but availability is limited and needs pre-approval from the Community Programs Director.
How long does learning to install a car seat take?
It takes about 30-45 minutes for each car seat inspection/installation training at a check-up event.
When will the "Keep 'Em Safe" program end?
Funding for the "Keep 'Em Safe" program is set to expire on September 30, 2024.
If I attend the Child Passenger Safety class, will I receive a car seat, or do I need to go to a check-up event?
Due to time constraints, parents or caregivers attending the class will be encouraged to schedule a check-up event appointment. At the event, a certified CPS technician will inspect your child's current safety seat and provide a replacement or new one if necessary.
Can I invite other families to the Child Passenger Safety class?
You can invite other families if they meet the eligibility criteria (see FAQ #1). Each family must register for the car seat program.

Start Training Today
Questions? Concerns? Get In Touch!
Contact PSC
Operating as a nonprofit, the Pacific Safety Center has been at the forefront of safety training and consulting for businesses and community groups for over half a century.
Quick Links
Home
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Categories
Workplace Training
Motorcycle Training
Drivers Ed Training
Car Seat Safety
Contact

(858) 621-2313

info@psc411.com

9880 Via Pasar Suite F San Diego, CA 92126
© Copyright 2025 - Designed and Developed By
Oak Harbor Web Designs
