URL: https://sanctifieddrivingschool.com/
TITLE: Sanctified Driving School
STATUS: 200

Sanctified Driving School

Special Discounts for First Responders and Military

View our website in:
Spanish
|
Korean

Menu

Home

Services

Parents / Adults / Teen Info

Purchase Lessons

Contact

Drive Smart. Drive Safe. Drive with Confidence with Our Expert Lessons

Helping teens, adults and seniors in the Inland Empire area gain confidence on the road

Complete Registration Form

Contact us Today

Struggling with Driving Jitters, Road Test Nerves, or Freeway Anxiety?

Feeling uneasy when gripping the wheel for the first time? It’s natural. Many people find their anxiety grows when it’s time to hit the freeway or schedule that daunting road test. Whether you’re a teen eager for independence, an adult needing a refresher, or someone who’s never tried driving before, nerves can creep in unexpectedly.

We get it, the thought of merging onto a busy freeway or taking a road test can be intimidating, but you’re not alone in feeling this way.

Sanctified Driving School Referral Program

Love our driving lessons? Spread the word and earn rewards! For every person you refer who signs up for any of our lessons, we’ll give you
$15
as a Thank You.
There is no limit.

Contact us for more details

We make driving easy and stress-free for everyone!

Our Driving Lessons and Services Overview

We offer driving lessons, road test sessions with rental cars, and freeway driving lessons for all ages in the Inland Empire area.

Behind the Wheel Lessons

Our behind-the-wheel training is designed for both new and experienced drivers looking to enhance their defensive driving abilities. We cover all essential driving skills needed to meet licensing requirements and pass the road test with confidence.

Freeway driving lessons

Learn to navigate highways confidently and safely with our dedicated freeway driving lessons for all ages.

Online driver’s education

COMING SOON

Road test sessions

Ace your road test using our rental car, designed to make testing stress-free and easy.

Learn More About Our Services

Learn to Drive Safely with Personalized Lessons at Sanctified Driving School

Sanctified Driving School is a Christian, local family-owned business, operated by a husband-and-wife team who are both retired from law enforcement. It’s a faith-driven school bringing real world experience to driver education, emphasizing safety, defensive driving, and situational awareness that teaches students to navigate the road with skill, confidence, emphasizing patience, responsibility, and integrity behind the wheel, with God’s guidance and biblical values.

- At Sanctified Driving School, we are striving to be one of the top driving schools by not only teaching the rules of the road, but the importance of respect, courtesy, patience and accountability.

What sets us apart is our Faith and focus on comfort and confidence. We believe in making every learning experience enriching and enjoyable, ensuring our students feel secure and self-assured behind the wheel.

Here’s What Our Students Are Saying

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

I highly recommend Rosa and Moses for behind-the-wheel driving lessons! The entire process was so easy from start to finish. Rosa was always professional, kind, and very accommodating when it came to scheduling appointments around our busy schedule, which we truly appreciated.

My daughter spoke very highly of Moses after every lesson. She said he was extremely patient, calm, and encouraging while teaching her how to drive. He took the time to help build her confidence behind the wheel and made her feel comfortable throughout the learning process.

Thank you both for making this experience such a positive one for our family!

Bianca Hernandez

Google Reviewer

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

I strongly recommend using Sanctified Driving School. Instructors Rosa and Moises are so full of knowledge and helpful information for passing the behind the wheel test, and for driving safely after a license has been earned. They are both incredibly patient and kind, and helped me feel very prepared for my behind the wheel test. As someone who feels afraid of driving, this driving school was exactly what I needed. I took lessons to prepare, and used their car for my DMV appointment.

I passed my test!

April Michelle

Google Reviewer

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Sanctified driving school was the best thing we decided to do for our 17 year old to get her lessons. I paid for the package that included pick up and drop off for her and it was awesome! Moises and Rosa were always prompt and helpful. Loved that they prayed before going on the driving lesson. My daughter felt safe and enjoyed her lessons. We got great feedback from each lesson and Rosa accompanied my daughter to her driving test. The communication was always great and made us feel at ease throughout the whole process. Thank you Moises and Rosa! God bless your business

Armida Ponce

Google Reviewer

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

We had a great experience with Sanctified Driving School. They were always on time picking up my son, Jared and he learned so much about safe driving. He is now confident driving independently. Thank you for the wonderful service!

Janaire Avergonzado

Google Reviewer

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Sanctified Driving School provided an excellent experience from start to finish. They were efficient, professional, and very accommodating to our busy schedules, which made the entire process smooth and stress-free. My daughter felt safe and confident during every lesson with Moses. It was clear she was learning a lot each time she drove. Thanks to their guidance, she passed her driving test on her first try! I highly recommend Sanctified Driving School to anyone looking for quality instruction and a supportive learning environment.

Teresa Dimillo

Google Reviewer

Leave a Review

Get Ready to Drive with Confidence -Book Your Lessons Today

Master the Road with Guided Instruction Now

Complete Registration Form

Contact us Today

Contact

Redlands/San Bernardino, California

Phone

(909) 742-2512

Email

sanctifieddrivingschool@gmail.com

Hours

Mon–Fri:

7am–7pm

Sat:

9am–5pm

Sun:

Closed

OFFICE VISITS ARE BY APPOINTMENT ONLY

LIC NO: E0775

Mon–Fri:

7am–7pm

Sat:

7am–5pm

Sun:

7am–4pm

Driving Lesson Hours- ALL WEEKEND/HOLIDAY/SUMMER LESSONS WILL BE OFFICE PICK UP/DROP OFF

Connect

© 2026 Sanctified Driving School

Powered by

Image credits

Images by

Duke Innovation Co-Lab
,
OCHA Visual
,
Paul F.
,
Tippawan Sookruay

on NOUNPROJECT
