URL: http://www.icondrivingschool.com/index.php
TITLE: Professional Driving School California | Icon Driving School
STATUS: 200

Professional Driving School California | Icon Driving School

: +1 (951) 391 9484

Toggle navigation

Home

About Us

Register

Rates And Packages
Contact Us

DMV Licensed

Cover most of Inland Empire

Professional Instructors

Free Pickup & Drop Off

No Hidden Fees

Please call for pricing and availability for your area

Behind The Wheel

The behind the wheel course must be taken at a Department of Motor Vehicles licensed driving school. Upon completion of the course, the student driver will receive certification which will enable him/her to take the actual behind the wheel driving test.

Professional Instructors

Icon Driving School's Instructors are fully qualified, experienced and certified by DMV State of California. Our instructors are professional, friendly, patient, punctual and courteous.

Free Pickup And Drop Off

Free pickup and drop off from home, work and school. Open 7 days a week.

About Icon Driving School

Our goal is to teach and prepare you to be the best driver you can be. With over 25 years experience, our certified instructors will give you the best opportunity to get your driver's license on your first attempt.

Many licensed drivers know how to drive, but they do not remember all that is required to be safe, legal and proactive on the road. Our program focuses on ensuring compliance with the DMV guidelines which is achieved through practical behind the wheel training in real life traffic situations which will benefit you to gain self confidence. All our cars passed the DMV safety inspection, are dual controlled, very well maintained and serviced regularly for your safety. We have both marked and unmarked cars for your comfort. We are bonded, licensed and insured.

We understand that sometimes due to unforeseen events, you may need to cancel your scheduled appointment. Please be informed that a 24 hour notice is required to cancel a scheduled behind the wheel driving training appointment. A cancellation fee will be charged if notice is given less than 24 hours to offset the loss of an appointment that we cannot replace short-notice with another customer.

Why Choose Us

Packages

6 HR BEHIND THE WHEEL (BELOW 18 YRS OLD)

Please call for pricing and availability in your area

2 HR BEHIND THE WHEEL (18 YRS OLD AND ABOVE)

Please call for pricing and availability in your area

Quick Contact

Name

Email

Phone

Testimonials

It is the best place to learn your skills. If your taking a drivers test then all you have to do is call them.

Read More

I highly recommend Icon driving school. They're awesome!

Read More

Icon Driving School

QUICK LINKS

Home

About Us

Register

Rates And Packages

Testimonials

Contact Us

CONTACT

Icon Driving School

4505 Allstate Dr.

Suite 18, Riverside,

CA, 92501

+1 (951) 391 9484

icondrivingschool@outlook.com

FOLLOW

OUR LOCATION

Copyright © 2016 Icon Driving School.com. All rights reserved | Powered by
Taurus Web Solutions
