URL: https://learn2drivecenter.wixsite.com/letsgodrive/policy-contract
TITLE: Policy/Contract | learn2drive
STATUS: 200

Policy/Contract | learn2drive

top of page
This website was built on Wix. Create yours today.
Get Started
Driving School
HOME
DRIVER EDUCATION
DRIVING LESSONS
ABOUT
CONTACT US
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
​

LEARN 2 DRIVE CENTER AGREEMENT

​

Parent/Guardian Consent-Agreement: By signing up your son/daughter, you represent that you are authorized to contract for services on behalf of the minor student and agree to the terms and policies of Learn 2 Drive Center LLC as stated below.

Behind-The-Wheel (BTW) Driver Training Program

To receive a “Certificate of Completion of Behind-the-Wheel Training,” DL400D, student must complete three (3) 2-hour private lessons with a Certified Driving Instructor. In order to book an appointment student must present his/her ORIGINAL PROVISIONAL PERMIT, which is issued by the California Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV). Parental or legal guardian consent must be given for a minor to schedule a driving appointment.

Due to instructor scheduling constraints, if you are more than 15 minutes late, your lessons will be cancelled and a $40.00 “No Show Fee” will be charged to the current balance. If less than 15 minutes late, time will be deducted from the lesson and will be added to the final scheduled driving appointment. You must contact our business office within (2) business days, during normal business hours or you will be charged the $40.00 “No Show Fee”
.

A cash payment (no checks or credit cards) of any “No Show Fee” accessed must be made prior to the next scheduled appointment.

From the date of enrollment, student has 9 months to complete our Driver Training Program – including Online Driver Education, if enrolled. If our Driver Training Program is not completed within the required 6-month time limit, all fees paid will be forfeited and this agreement will be terminated. This agreement is valid from the time you sign up.

Student/Parent Read Carefully: Driving is a serious responsibility. Putting an instructor’s life at risk is extremely dangerous. Therefore, it is important that you always follow your instructor’s direction. This includes but is not limited to your speed. If you are asked more than three (3) times to slow down your speed (especially on the freeway) and you continue to disobey the instructor, then the instructor will stop the lesson and return you back to the office/home. You will then need to schedule a fourth (4th) lesson to make up the time lost. The fourth lesson will be charged as a single lesson.

As the parent/legal guardian, I authorized my minor child to schedule his/her driving appointment and accept full responsibility for any fees incurred due to missed appointments or non-completion of the Driver Training Program within the required time limit.

No Refunds will be granted after three (3) business days of the initial enrollment date. Refunds or prorated refund will not be granted if student has completed at least one (1) lesson. A refund check will be mailed to the address on file within ten (10) business days. Refunds cannot be hand-distributed from our office.

Please feel free to contact our office for any questions or concerns. (559)492-2935
Fresno Branch

5588 N. Palm Ave Suite Q1 Fresno, CA 93704

​(559)492-2935

​

OFFICE HOURS

Monday - Friday 9am-6pm

Saturday 9am-1pm

Closed on Sunday
DRIVING SCHOOL
DMV LICENSE # E2135
Clovis Branch

755 N. Peach Ave, A-16

Clovis, CA 93611

(559)472-3982

OFFICE HOURS

Monday - Friday 9am-6pm

Closed on Sunday
@learn_2_drive_center
© 2018 by Learn 2 Drive Center LLC
.
bottom of page
