URL: https://driveacademyca.com/
TITLE: Drive Academy | Driving School Teen Adults Driving Lessons
STATUS: 200

Drive Academy | Driving School Teen Adults Driving Lessons

D
rive Academy

About Us

Adult Driving

Teen Driving

Parents

Prices

DMV

Contact Us

Teen Driving

Go

Teen Driving

Mar 29,2016

Comments Off
on Teen Driving

By Driving School

Teen Driving Classes

Ready to Drive? We provide everything you need to become a safe, conscious and courteous driver. Our friendly team and a relaxed teaching environment will allow you to have fun whilst you learn, but also make you the best driver that you can become, but you have to want to succeed, and your parents must also be a part of the team and provide you with the practice you will need.

The first step to getting your license is to pass a Driver’s E
ducation Course. Completion of a California Drivers Education Course is required for any teen under 17 1/
2. The majority of new drivers now use state-licensed on-line driver’s education courses because they can be completed at your own pace and are much more affordable. The On-line Driver’s Education Course must meet the requirements of classroom education, and therefore should take students a minimum of 30 hours of coursework.

Behind-the-Wheel Lessons

Once you receive your learner’s permit, you are required to complete 6 hours of behind-the-wheel training with a state-licensed driving school. Additionally, you must complete 50 hours of driving practice with your parents, guardian, or certified instructor.

Our instructor works 1:1 with a student, assesses their skill level and progresses accordingly. Drive Academy offers behind-the-wheel instruction to give on-road experience, and to develop better and safer drivers. An important part of our on-road program is the student and parent debrief. This allows the instructor to speak with both the student and parent about student progress and areas that still need work.

Course will teach students important topics such as:

The Foundations of Safe Driving

Safe and Defensive Driving Techniques

Rules of the Road

City, Residential Streets, Freeway Experience

Signals, Signs and Markings

Knowing Your Car

Starting & Stopping

Parking, Braking and Turns

Roadway Conditions

Sharing the Road

Emergencies

State Drivers Test Preparation

Policy

Full lesson fee must be paid in the beginning of class in the form of cash or Zelle.

You must have a valid CA permit or current license from another state or country on your person for all lessons. We cannot allow you to drive without one.

General Information: All students must carry a valid learner’s permit or license during every lesson. To reschedule or cancel lessons, students must contact our office at least 2 business days before the scheduled lesson. Weekends and holidays are not considered business days. If a student cancels a lesson within the required time for notice of cancellation, does not bring required glasses/contacts, does not bring a valid learner’s permit or license to a lesson, or fails to show up for a lesson, they will be charged as if he/she were present at the lesson.
A $50 cancellation fee will be charged.

*Depending on location

Refunds: Lessons must be taken within 2 months of payment. There will be no refund on unused lessons and after 2 months unused lessons will be considered lost.

OUR CERTIFICATIONS

Licensed and approved by the State of California Department of Vehicles

DMV License No: E0304

Bonded and Insured

All Instructors have undergone thorough background checks and have been approved and licensed by the California DMV

Insturction vehicles equipped with dual controls

Call 559 944 3344 to schedule your lesson.

Drive Academy Driving School

3003 N. Blackstone Ave. Ste 104 Fresno CA 93703

559-944-3344

driveacademyca@gmail.com

Copyright @ 2015 - Drive Academy Driving School, LLC
