URL: https://driveacademyca.com/adult-driving/
TITLE: Adult Driving | Drive Academy
STATUS: 200

Adult Driving | Drive Academy

D
rive Academy

About Us

Adult Driving

Teen Driving

Parents

Prices

DMV

Contact Us

Adult Driving

Go

Adult Driving

Mar 30,2016

Comments Off
on Adult Driving

By Driving School

Adult Driving Classes

Ready to drive? Learning to drive will be one of the most important choices you’ll make in your lifetime. Who you decide to teach you will be another. Drive Academy is dedicated to teaching you the skills you’ll need to become a more confident, and defensive driver.

Have no fear of a communication block. Let our calm and patient instructors teach you without being overwhelmed by the language barrier. International students are our specialty.

To cater for a larger customer base we also speak English, Punjabi and Hindi.

We offer:

-Adult Drivers Education Program

-Adult Driving 2 hr. Lessons

-Single or Package Lessons Available

-Free Door To Door Service*

-Driving Lessons Provided 7 Days A Week

We offer:

Single lesson starting at:

2 Hours $120

Full lesson fee must be paid in the beginning of class in the form of cash or Zelle.

You must have a valid CA permit or current license from another state or country on your person for all lessons. We cannot allow you to drive without one.

General Information: All students must carry a valid learner’s permit or license during every lesson. To reschedule or cancel lessons, students must contact our office at least 2 business days before the scheduled lesson. Weekends and holidays are not considered business days. If a student cancels a lesson within the required time for notice of cancellation, does not bring required glasses/contacts, does not bring a valid learner’s permit or license to a lesson, or fails to show up for a lesson, they will be charged as if he/she were present at the lesson.
A $50 cancellation fee will be charged.

Refunds: Lessons must be taken within 2 months of payment. There will be no refund on unused lessons and after 2 months unused lessons will be considered lost.

*Depending on location

OUR CERTIFICATIONS

Licensed and approved by the State of California Department of Vehicles

DMV License No: E0304

Bonded and Insured

All Instructors have undergone thorough background checks and have been approved and licensed by the California DMV

Insturction vehicles equipped with dual controls

Call 559 944 3344 to schedule your lesson.

Drive Academy Driving School

3003 N. Blackstone Ave. Ste 104 Fresno CA 93703

559-944-3344

driveacademyca@gmail.com

Copyright @ 2015 - Drive Academy Driving School, LLC
