URL: https://driveacademyca.com/parents-2/
TITLE: Parents | Drive Academy
STATUS: 200

Parents | Drive Academy

D
rive Academy

About Us

Adult Driving

Teen Driving

Parents

Prices

DMV

Contact Us

Parents

Go

Parents

Feb 23,2024

Comments Off
on Parents

By drive academy

Drivers education is a big step in every teen’s life and Drive Academy is the best choice for putting your student on the right track to safety and success. The instructor’s knowledge and experience will prepare your student for the great responsibility that comes with obtaining a driver’s license. Our driving school offers a variety of teen drivers education programs. The Teen Program is designed to build a safe mindset and adequate skills. We build upon the philosophies of safe driving habits to give your student a learning experience free of bad habits.

Choosing the right one is an important decision and we know you’ll find these behind the wheel lessons to be the best value and highest quality training.

The Teen Drivers Safety Education and Certification Course will teach students important topics such as:

The Foundations of Safe Driving

Safe and Defensive Driving Techniques

Rules of the Road

City, Residential Streets, Freeway Experience

Signals, Signs and Markings

Knowing Your Car

Starting & Stopping

Parking, Braking and Turns

Roadway Conditions

Sharing the Road

Emergencies

State Drivers Test Preparation

Policy

Full lesson fee must be paid in the beginning of class in the form of cash or Zelle.

You must have a valid CA permit or current license from another state or country on your person for all lessons. We cannot allow you to drive without one.

General Information: All students must carry a valid learner’s permit or license during every lesson. To reschedule or cancel lessons, students must contact our office at least 2 business days before the scheduled lesson. Weekends and holidays are not considered business days. If a student cancels a lesson within the required time for notice of cancellation, does not bring required glasses/contacts, does not bring a valid learner’s permit or license to a lesson, or fails to show up for a lesson, they will be charged as if he/she were present at the lesson.
A $50 cancellation fee will be charged.

*Depending on location

Refunds: Lessons must be taken within 2 months of payment. There will be no refund on unused lessons and after 2 months unused lessons will be considered lost.

OUR CERTIFICATIONS

Licensed and approved by the State of California Department of Vehicles

DMV License No: E0304

Bonded and Insured

All Instructors have undergone thorough background checks and have been approved and licensed by the California DMV

Insturction vehicles equipped with dual controls

Call 559 944 3344 to schedule your lesson.

Drive Academy Driving School

3003 N. Blackstone Ave. Ste 104 Fresno CA 93703

559-944-3344

driveacademyca@gmail.com

Copyright @ 2015 - Drive Academy Driving School, LLC
