URL: https://www.budgetdrivingschoolonline.com/faq.php
TITLE: FAQ::Budget Drivingschool LLc
STATUS: 200

FAQ::Budget Drivingschool LLc

CA DMV Lic # E2166

619-476-9999

Click here to Register for Driversed

Toggle navigation

Home

About Us

Contact Us

FAQ

Driver Ed Classroom

Driver Ed Online

Behind The Wheel

FREQUENTLY ASKED
QUESTIONS

Who has to take classes?

Answer: If you are under 18 you are required by the DMV to take Drivers Education as well as Drivers Training.

Do I have to have a permit?

Answer: Yes. Regardless of your age, you have to pass the written test and get a permit in order to learn to drive.

What if I miss a day of Drivers Ed?

Answer: No problem. You can check with our secretaries to find out when you can make it up.

Do I need car insurance for my child to take Drivers Training?

Answer: When a student is driving with one of our instructors they are covered by the instructors insurance.

How can I pay?

Answer: We accept credit card, debit card and cash payments.

What hours are the instructors available for Drivers Training?

Answer: We have instructors who work evenings and weekends as well as during the day. So we can, in most cases, arrange a time that will work for you.

Do you have classes in Spanish?

Answer: YES. We have bilingual instructors for Behind-the-wheel training. The Drivers Ed classes are taught in English. However the instructor speaks Spanish and is always willing to assist those who need it.

Is there a cancellation fee?

Answer: In order to pick you up and be able to arrange our appointments around your schedule, each instructor commits time and resources. It is almost impossible to reschedule a new student when an appointment is not cancelled ahead of time therefore it will be greatly appreciated that you keep all the appointments that you have originally set and keep in mind that any appoinment cancelled without a 48 hs. notice will incurr in a $50 cancellation fee.

Pick-up times are within 15 minutes of scheduled time due to traffic conditions.

Refunds:A $30 processing fee will apply to all refund requests,including unused services.

Schedule your 3rd driving lesson before scheduling your DMV exam.

Our office is located at:

240 Woodlawn Ave. (off "E" st., near the trolley station)

Chula Vista, CA 91910

(619) 476-9999

Comments or Questions

If you have any comments or questions,

send us an e-mail to:
budgetdriving@gmail.com

WE
Offer

Driver Ed Classroom

Driver Ed Online

Behind-The-Wheel Training

Links

Home

About Us

Contact Us

FAQ

Driver Ed Classroom

Driver Ed Online

Contact Us

Budget Driving School LLC

240 Woodlawn Ave. #8

Chula Vista, CA. 91910

619-476-9999

budgetdriving@gmail.com

Location

Copyright @ 2016-2025 budgetdrivingschoolonline.com
