URL: https://www.teendrivingacademy.com/online-drivers-ed-faq/
TITLE: Online Drivers Ed FAQ | Teen Driving Academy
STATUS: 200

Online Drivers Ed FAQ | Teen Driving Academy

(714) 577-5708

info@teendrivingacademy.com

2771 East Saturn Street, Unit E. Brea, CA 92821

Office Hours:

Mon to Fri: 9am to 5pm

Student Login

DMV LIC#: E-3064

Home

Pricing

Behind The Wheel Training

Behind the Wheel Training FAQ

Online Drivers Ed

Online Drivers Ed FAQ

Resources

Cancellation Policy

Purchase Terms and Conditions

Tips for Parents

Locations

Helpful Links

Online Drivers Ed FAQ

What will I need to take to the DMV to get my permit?

The DMV required that you bring: Certificate of Completion for Drivers Education – DL-400C Original birth certificate or certified copy or valid passport Social security number Application for Drivers License Form DL44 signed by both parents

How old do I have to be to get a permit?

You must be 15 1/2 Years Old to qualify for your Provisional CA. Learner’s Permit

How old do I have to be to take this course?

You may take the course at 14 years and 9 months.

How do I know that my credit card information is safe with you?

All credit card information on this site is secured and encrypted to Authorize.Net

Will my personal information be shared with anyone else?

Absolutely not! All information will be kept confidential.

Can I use more than one computer to do this course?

Not a problem! Just make sure that you use your registered user name and password to log-in.

What if I don’t understand something or have questions?

Please contact our office during our business hours Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm

What if I fail this test?

You may take the tests as many times as you need to for no additional charge. How can you fail?

Does this course expire?

This course will expire 12 months from the purchase date.

How do I prove to the DMV that I have successfully completed this course?

After successful completion of your ON-LINE driver’s education course we will mail you the certificate of completion DL400C to the address of record. Although we issue the certificate of completion the next business day it can take up to 7 business days for you to receive your certificate in mail. Alternately you may inform us that you wish to will-call the certificate at our office. So long as the certificate has not already been mailed out we can accommodate this request.

Is this course accepted by the California DMV in order to fulfill the 30 hour requirement for Drivers Education?

YES! This course has been fully reviewed and accepted by the California DMV

© 2021 All Rights Reserved.
