URL: https://www.teendrivingacademy.com/cancellation-policy/
TITLE: Cancellation Policy | Teen Driving Academy
STATUS: 200

Cancellation Policy | Teen Driving Academy

(714) 577-5708

info@teendrivingacademy.com

2771 East Saturn Street, Unit E. Brea, CA 92821

Office Hours:

Mon to Fri: 9am to 5pm

Student Login

DMV LIC#: E-3064

Home

Pricing

Behind The Wheel Training

Behind the Wheel Training FAQ

Online Drivers Ed

Online Drivers Ed FAQ

Resources

Cancellation Policy

Purchase Terms and Conditions

Tips for Parents

Locations

Helpful Links

Cancellation Policy Info

IMPORTANT:
PLEASE READ

Policies & Cancellation Policy:

WELCOME TO TEEN DRIVING ACADEMY!
We are excited to help all of our students start learning how to drive safely and confidently!

Below you will see some of our company policies sent again as a reminder that are an essential part of our academy. If there are any questions regarding our Teen Driving Academy policies or for any clarification, you may give us a call during open office hours which are Monday-Friday from 9am-5pm.

You agree to pay all applicable fees.

Cancellation Policy

CERTIFICATES ARE ISSUED ONE PER STUDENT.
Please be sure you have signed up the student with legal information (ex.: legal name and correct date of birth) as well as keeping the certificate in a safe place. Otherwise, a
second certificate is a $50 FEE
with a completely different registered certificate number.

For Behind-The-Wheel Training: Our Last-Minute Cancellation Policy: For Saturday, Sunday and Monday appointments, we must know the Thursday prior before 5pm and for any other day of the week (Tuesday-Friday appointments) at least a 24-hour notice before the office is closed.

* (even due to sickness, weather conditions) If weather conditions are a concern please keep track of the weather ahead of time to cancel in time. All lessons will be cancelled if the operator of the school states it is undrivable weather.

For all cancellations or rescheduling you must call during our open office hours (9AM-5PM Monday-Friday).

LAST MINUTE CANCELLATION FEE IS $65
,
fee must be covered before being able to reschedule.

Failure to show up for a scheduled appointment will result in forfeiture of prepaid services booked.

Refunds

TEEN DRIVING ACADEMY Services.

No Upgrades are permitted from an initial purchase. No refunds are issued after 60 days of placing an order. Please keep in mind a minor requires a full 6 hours of training.

Refunds are only considered within 60 days of purchase. Students are required to complete all packages within one year. Approved refunds are issued at a regular price deduction if any lessons have been redeemed. Any refunds issued will always include a $50 refund processing fee.

All behind-the-wheel training packages in combination with the ONLINE driver’s education expire effective one year from the start date of Online Driver’s education. If permit information is provided before the sign up’s expiration date, then the account gets extended to permit’s expiration date. Once the permit expires, so does behind-the-wheel training.

Students must have completed online education, obtained a permit and redeemed behind the wheel training hours by the expiration date by providing permit information for extension. AFTER EXPIRATION DATE, ACCOUNT IS DEACTIVATED.

REACTIVATION FEE VARIES.

” No Upgrades are permitted from an initial purchase, package prices are a one time payment and no refunds are issued after 60 days of placing an order. Refunds have a $50 refund processing fee. ”

Any Reactivations being made are $50 in addition to the price difference from the initial sign up.

For any questions and/or comments Please Contact our office during our business hours.

(714) 577-5708

Contact Information

(714) 577-5708
A-Teen Driving Academy

2771 East Saturn Street, Unit E
Brea, CA 92821

info@teendrivingacademy.com

Follow us on

Follow

Resources

Refund Policy

Tips for Parents

Locations

Helpful Links

©
All Rights Reserved.
