URL: https://www.teendrivingacademy.com/purchase-terms-and-conditions/
TITLE: Purchase Terms and Conditions | Teen Driving Academy
STATUS: 200

Purchase Terms and Conditions | Teen Driving Academy

(714) 577-5708

info@teendrivingacademy.com

2771 East Saturn Street, Unit E. Brea, CA 92821

Office Hours:

Mon to Fri: 9am to 5pm

Student Login

DMV LIC#: E-3064

Home

Pricing

Behind The Wheel Training

Behind the Wheel Training FAQ

Online Drivers Ed

Online Drivers Ed FAQ

Resources

Cancellation Policy

Purchase Terms and Conditions

Tips for Parents

Locations

Helpful Links

Purchase Terms and Conditions

TEEN DRIVING ACADEMY PURCHASE TERMS

The TEEN DRIVING ACADEMY Purchase Terms (“Purchase Terms”) govern the terms of sale of any of our services to you. In addition, certain of our services may be subject to additional sales terms and policies. By purchasing our services, you agree to these Purchase Terms, and additional sales terms and policies applicable to your purchase, as well as the TEEN DRIVING ACADEMY Terms and Conditions (“Terms”), which contain an arbitration provision and a waiver of class-action claims, among other provisions. These Purchase Terms and any additional sales terms and policies applicable to your purchase are Additional Terms, as defined by the Terms.

Offers of Services

We reserve the right to refuse service at any time, to anyone, for any reason.

TEEN DRIVING ACADEMY shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is properly canceled, TEEN DRIVING ACADEMY will issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e‑mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.

Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify TEEN DRIVING ACADEMY acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of TEEN DRIVING ACADEMY offer to sell. TEEN DRIVING ACADEMY reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. If permitted by applicable law, TEEN DRIVING ACADEMY reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item if you purchased a product. TEEN DRIVING ACADEMY may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order.

Prices & Payment

Prices for our services are subject to change without notice, and we reserve the right to discontinue or modify our services at any time without prior notice. In the event a service is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error received from its suppliers, TEEN DRIVING ACADEMY shall have the right, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for the product or service listed at the incorrect price.

By submitting your order, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to use the designated payment method and authorize us to charge your order to that payment method. If the payment method cannot be verified, is invalid, or is otherwise not acceptable, your order may be suspended or cancelled automatically.

You agree to pay all applicable fees.

Cancellation Policy

CERTIFICATES ARE ISSUED ONE PER STUDENT.
Please be sure you have signed up the student with legal information (ex.: legal name and correct date of birth) as well as keeping the certificate in a safe place. Otherwise, a
second certificate is a $50 FEE
with a completely different registered certificate number.

For Behind-The-Wheel Training: Our Last-Minute Cancellation Policy: For Saturday, Sunday and Monday appointments, we must know the Thursday prior before 5pm and for any other day of the week (Tuesday-Friday appointments) at least a 24-hour notice before the office is closed.

* (even due to sickness, weather conditions) If weather conditions are a concern please keep track of the weather ahead of time to cancel in time. All lessons will be cancelled if the operator of the school states it is undrivable weather.

For all cancellations or rescheduling you must call during our open office hours (9AM-5PM Monday-Friday).
LAST MINUTE CANCELLATION FEE IS $65
, fee must be covered before being able to reschedule
.

Failure to show up for a scheduled appointment will result in forfeiture of prepaid services booked.

Refunds

TEEN DRIVING ACADEMY Services.

No Upgrades are permitted from an initial purchase. No refunds are issued after 60 days of placing an order. Please keep in mind a minor requires a full 6 hours of training.

Refunds are only considered within 60 days of purchase. Students are required to complete all packages within one year. Approved refunds are issued at a regular price deduction if any lessons have been redeemed. Any refunds issued will always include a $50 refund processing fee.

All behind-the-wheel training packages in combination with the ONLINE driver’s education expire effective one year from the start date of Online Driver’s education. If permit information is provided before the sign up’s expiration date, then the account gets extended to permit’s expiration date. Once the permit expires, so does behind-the-wheel training.

Students must have completed online education, obtained a permit and redeemed behind the wheel training hours by the expiration date by providing permit information for extension. AFTER EXPIRATION DATE, ACCOUNT IS DEACTIVATED.

REACTIVATION FEE VARIES.

” No Upgrades are permitted from an initial purchase, package prices are a one time payment and no refunds are issued after 60 days of placing an order. Refunds have a $50 refund processing fee. ”

Any Reactivations being made are $50 in addition to the price difference from the initial sign up.

For any questions and/or comments Please Contact our office during our business hours.

(714) 577-5708

Contact Information

(714) 577-5708
A-Teen Driving Academy

2771 East Saturn Street, Unit E
Brea, CA 92821

info@teendrivingacademy.com

Follow us on

Follow

Resources

Refund Policy

Tips for Parents

Locations

Helpful Links

©
All Rights Reserved.
