URL: https://drivingschoolforyou.com/
TITLE: San Diego | DMV-approved  - Driving School For You
STATUS: 200

San Diego | DMV-approved - Driving School For You

Call

Home

Driving Lessons

Store

Traffic School

60-Hour Driving Instructor Course

Location

Contact us

Testimonials

Blog

Call

Driving School For You

Back to School Special $349

3 (2-hr) Driving lessons in a gas‑powered vehicle. Hurry — time is running out on this special offer. Before
purchasing
, please fill out our
registration form
.
30 Hours Ed Online
Become a Certified Driving Instructor
Launch your new career with our DMV-Approved 60-Hour Certification Program.
Special EV $449
3 (2-hr) Driving lessons in an all-electric vehicle Be the first to train in a 2024 Toyota bZ4X all-electric vehicle. The future is here. Your loved one will be much safer and more knowledgeable, and don't forget that we're helping to save our planet. Before
purchasing
,
please fill out our

registration form.
Driving School For You is DMV-
approved and perfect for your teen, who needs the California-required 6 hours of behind-the-wheel training with a licensed driving instructor.
Driving School For You is also perfect for an adult who needs personalized training behind the wheel.
Your teen or adult can qualify expeditiously and have the necessary skills and confidence to pass the CA DMV driving test.
If you want the best professional and personal driving instructor or his team to teach your loved one how to drive, call Dr. Brian.

REGISTER NOW

About Us

Driving School for You is owned and operated by Dr. Brian Polte. Dr. Brian is a true professional driver. He has been a driving instructor for many years. He has won the Safety and Service Award from the National Limousine Association. Brian has safely driven many celebrities, like Britney Spears, Pete Townsend of the Who, Steve Irwin the Crocodile Hunter, the Foo Fighters, Julio Cesar Chavez, and many more.

Brian is a college professor and has been teaching for over 15 years. He is also a California-licensed real estate agent. Dr. Brian has a Class B commercial license with passenger endorsement, so you know his background has been checked out thoroughly. If these celebrities trusted Brian, so should you.

Each lesson is two hours long and is customized to your teen's needs and skill level. The lesson time starts when Brian or one of our team members picks your teen up and ends when they drop them off.

All minors in California require 6 hours of driving instruction, which is three lessons for $349. You can purchase one lesson or all three lessons for your teen to receive their certification form.

Our Awards & Recognition

Top Driving School in San Diego County for 2025

Driving School For You
is ranked
#1
in
Chula Vista

Top 3 Driving Schools in Chula Vista, CA

Business Hours

Monday–Saturday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm

All
single-lesson cancellation or reschedule requests
must be received
at least 48 hours in advance
and during
normal business hours.
Requests received outside this timeframe will incur
a $35 late‑cancellation fee
.
This fee applies
only to single lessons.
Refund Policy

If you choose to cancel the entire contract, please be aware that a
$95.00 processing fee will be applied to all refund
requests once a payment has been made. This fee is
absolutely non-negotiable
and helps cover our administrative, processing, and operational costs.

Monday - Saturday

Appointments only

Sunday

Closed

Home

Driving Lessons

Store

Traffic School

60-Hour Driving Instructor Course

Location

Contact us

Testimonials

Blog

Address

2571 Mast Way, Suite 103
Chula Vista, CA 91914, US

619-863-3283

drivingschoolforyou@gmail.com

About us

Lic. No: E0109
Drivingschoolservice.com
Top 3 Driving schools in Chula Vista
Ed Online
Traffic School
Homerealtorsandiego.com
Hometosellsandiego.com
Hometobuysandiego.com
Sandiegohomesrealtor.com

© 2026 Driving School For You
