URL: https://drivingschoolforyou.com/testimonials
TITLE: Student Reviews & Testimonials - Driving School For You
STATUS: 200

Student Reviews & Testimonials - Driving School For You

Call

Home

Driving Lessons

Store

Traffic School

60-Hour Driving Instructor Course

Location

Contact us

Testimonials

Blog

Call

Testimonials

What our students write about us

He is the best driving instructor ever! Thanks to him, I was able to pass my driving test successfully. When he teaches, he is very patient and he goes over the lessons in details. I would 100% recommend him. I thank him for teaching me how to drive until I pass my driving test! Without his faith in me since day 1, I wouldn't have pass my driving test!

R-Lyn Santos

Thank you Bryan for having our son as your student. He learned so much from you and was able to pass the DMV Driver's Exam on the first try.

Note to all: Bryan really cares about his students and we can tell he takes great pride in the success of his students.
If you want your son or daughter to have their best chance at a first time go on their driver's exam, I would highly recommend you call Bryan.

Roberto Romo

He was a really good instructor he went over all the points including the ones before you get into the car and drive he took time to carefully explain things but he did not make you feel panic

Cole Robinson

Professional, Prompt, and Patient. We appreciate Brian's guidance. Our teenager is much more confident behind the wheel.

Michelle Wear

5 stars for being affordable, very informative, and having great customer service. Brian was great! My daughter passed her driving test on her first try. Highly recommend Driving School For You!

Kayley Quiambao-Frazer

Brian was a great instructor and very thorough each and every time he drove with my son. He spent the time talking with him outside and inside the car, in addition to driving to ensure he passed his test the first time. I highly recommend Driving School For You.

Shanna Belyk

We had a great experience with Brian and his team. He made sure my son understood safe driving and because of that i am confident that he will be a safe driver now that he passed his driving test (first take!). Thanks for your flexibility with our schedule! My other son is next!

Sans _Gaming

My son passed on his first attempt thanks to Brian. Even got positive feedback from the dmv employee that administered the test, my son was “well prepared”. Thank you Brian!

Joseph O'Neil

This place was super good - I never had a driving instructor and this was a very pleasant experience, I had Dr.Brian as my driving instructor and he went into detail about everything I needed to know about the car and how to drive and I was able to pass my exam in the first go. I highly recommend this place for everyone .

Isabella Flores

Thanks to all the team who helped me a lot to be able to pass this driving test, it is highly recommended and also thank God I am very happy 🤩🤩🤩he is a very good teacher and he has many and he practices exactly what you are going to do. I have no words to thank you, thank you very much ☺️

Dieulitane Supreme

The best instructor, calmly and patiently showed me around and taught me new things, also very respectful i was always comfortable and calm and i passed my driver's license test the first try!!
2

Anayd Espinosa

My daughter recently completed her behind-the-wheel lessons with [Driving School for You ], and I couldn’t be more impressed! Her instructor, Brian, was patient, knowledgeable, and made her feel confident behind the wheel. His structured approach and clear guidance helped her develop safe driving habits, and thanks to his excellent instruction, she passed her driving test on the first try! I highly recommend Brian and [Driving School for You] any new driver looking for a positive and professional learning experience.

Margarita Vargas

Home

Driving Lessons

Store

Traffic School

60-Hour Driving Instructor Course

Location

Contact us

Testimonials

Blog

Address

2571 Mast Way, Suite 103
Chula Vista, CA 91914, US

619-863-3283

drivingschoolforyou@gmail.com

About us

Lic. No: E0109
Drivingschoolservice.com
Top 3 Driving schools in Chula Vista
Ed Online
Traffic School
Homerealtorsandiego.com
Hometosellsandiego.com
Hometobuysandiego.com
Sandiegohomesrealtor.com

© 2026 Driving School For You
