URL: https://expressdrivingsd.com/pricing/
TITLE: Driving Lessons & Prices - Express Driving School
STATUS: 200

Driving Lessons & Prices - Express Driving School

Facebook

X

Instagram

Returning Student Log In

0 Items

Home

Drivers Education

Behind-the-Wheel Training

Driving Lessons & Prices

Appointment Request

Traffic School

Resources

Bookstore

Teens

Parents

Adults

FAQ

BLOG

Select Page

Driving Lessons & Prices

Single Driving Lessons & Prices

Single behind the wheel lessons are 2 hours long. Each lesson is conducted by one of your highly knowledgeable and patient driving instructors. Adults and teens are welcomed to take single driving lessons and
pay per lesson
.

NOTE: Student drivers of ALL AGES must have a valid Instruction (Learner’s) Permit to take driving lessons.

Request an Appointment

LESSON 1 | Basic Driving Skills

New drivers will receive instruction and training on rules of the road, defensive driving techniques, and basic driving skills such as: speed control, stops, turns, and lane change.

Price: $180

LESSON 2 | Advanced Driving Skills

Student drivers will receive instruction on advanced driving skills. Including, but not limited to: lane changing with traffic, parking, turnabouts, and freeway.

Price: $180

LESSON 3 | Drive Test Prep

Proficient drivers will receive instruction and training to prepare the California DMV drive test. Includes a mock/practice test to simulate the real drive test.

Price: $180

Driving Lesson Packages and Prices

6 Hours Behind the Wheel lessons are 3 lessons that are 2 hours each. Each lesson is conducted by one of your highly knowledgeable and patient driving instructors. Adults and teens are welcomed to take driving lesson packages.

NOTE: Student drivers of ALL AGES must have a valid Instruction (Learner’s) Permit to take driving lessons.

Request an Appointment

NEW DRIVER PACKAGE | 6 Hours Behind-the-Wheel Training

This discounted package is for both, TEENS & ADULTS. Includes Lesson 1, Lesson 2, and Lesson 3 listed above. Students under 18 years old will receive a Certificate of Completion (DL 400D) at the end of the course, which is required to take the drive test.
Full payment
is required at the time of the first lesson to receive discounted price.

Price: $500

RETURNING STUDENT PACKAGE | 6 Hours Behind-the-Wheel Training

This discounted package is open for TEENS & ADULTS who have completed DRIVERS EDUCATION with Express Driving School. Includes Lesson 1, Lesson 2, and Lesson 3 listed above. Students under 18 years old will receive a Certificate of Completion (DL 400D) at the end of the course, which is required to take the drive test.

Price: $480

Testimonials

“My overall experience with Express Driving School was absolutely phenomenal! Howie was an extremely knowledgeable and understanding instructor and was able to help me pass my behind the wheel test on my first try!”

Angelo A.

“I just passed behind the wheel test today. Big thanks to Joe who was very supportive, nice, calm, patient and friendly. He made me feel really comfortable with driving.
If you are looking for a brilliant instructor who give you confidence and help you become a safe driver. I highly recommend Joe. You will be in good hands.”

Nuntana L.

“
The driving lessons were amazing! 10/10 Would sign my teens up. I would recommend!
“

Man-O-Matic

“Taught me how to be safe and great service.”

Tony T.

“I got to know about Express Driving school through a friend who had already learnt driving from them and recommended it to me. I would say that I had the best experience from learning to getting my Driving permit. Joe was my trainer and he was the best. I can definitely say Joe has instilled in me the knowledge it takes to be a safe and responsible driver. He is very friendly person and I enjoyed having him as my instructor. Thanks a lot Express Driving School!”

Nikitha R.

“Our driving instructor Doreen was so helpful… we would high recommend this company and this instructor! Extremely helpful and knowledgeable….Great experience!”

Summer F.

“Awesome experience!!!!!!! I learned a lot about the actual behind-the-wheel driving. Highly recommend Express!”

Alex G.

“
Great Lessons, very thoughtful teachers, overall excellent experience
“

Fernando A.

“Would definitely recommend asking for Howie as your driving instructor. Got to learn so much and overall he helped me improve my driving. Without a doubt he’s a good instructor.”

Nayeli R.

“My daughter was starting to drive and I wanted her to get more experience before taking her test. My friend recommended me to Doreen. She did an excellent job with assisting my daughter and made her feel very comfortable while driving. She offered to take my daughter to go get her DL and guess what? She passed on her first try. I would recommend her to all of my friends. Also she was flexible in her schedule. Thank you again!”

Dary P.

Sign Up Today.

Request for an appointment for your first driving lesson today. Still need Drivers Education? Not to worry, we have you covered!

Request an Appointment
Start Drivers Ed

Contact Information

Phone:

1 (619) 735-3053

Email: expressdrivingsd@gmail.com

Request for Appointment

Quick Links
FAQ

Site Map

Partners

Terms of Use

Recent Posts

Winter Child Car Seats | Essential Safety Tips for California Parents

What to Do in a Winter Driving Emergency | Essential Safety Tips

Drive Safe

Drive Responsible

Drive Respectful

CA DMV License: E2089

Facebook

X

Instagram

Copyright © 2017 Express Driving School. All rights reserved.
