URL: https://expressdrivingsd.com/teens-2/
TITLE: Teens - Express Driving School
STATUS: 200

Teens - Express Driving School

Facebook

X

Instagram

Returning Student Log In

0 Items

Home

Drivers Education

Behind-the-Wheel Training

Driving Lessons & Prices

Appointment Request

Traffic School

Resources

Bookstore

Teens

Parents

Adults

FAQ

BLOG

Select Page

TEENS

Resource Center

Welcome, Teens!

Are you
between 15 and 17-1/2 years old
? Come and embark on a journey with Express Driving School, where we guide you through the process of obtaining your learner’s permit, becoming a licensed driver, and beyond. Explore the exciting world of driving and take the first step towards independence and freedom.

1 | Requirements & Restrictions

Start your journey to becoming a licensed driver with
DRIVER EDUCATION
. Read about all the
DMV requirements
needed for Teens to obtain their Learner’s Permit.

2 | Gather Required Documents

At the end of
Driver Education
, you’ll receive a Certificate of Completion, one of the required documents for your application. You must also provide
proof of identity, legal presence
, and
California residency
.

3 | Apply For Your Driver License/Real ID

Go to the DMV’s website and complete the
online driver license/ID card application
for the REAL ID. Be sure to save your confirmation code at the end of your application, the DMV will need it at your office visit.

4 | Make an Appointment & Visit the DMV

Make an appointment
for faster service. During the visit, be prepared to show all your documents, pay fees, take a photo, be fingerprinted, and
PASS a knowledge test
. Once all requirements are met, the DMV will issue a LEARNER’S PERMIT to you!

5 | Validate Your Learner’s Permit

Your driver’s permit is not valid until AFTER you start your
first lesson
of behind-the-wheel lessons with a DMV licensed driving school, such as
Express Driving School
. TEENS are required to complete a total of
6hrs of behind-the-wheel training
.

6 | Apply For Your Driver License/Real ID

PRACTICE, PRACTICE, PRACTICE
. All teens are required to have at least 50 hours of practice, 10 hours should be night driving, before taking the drive test. After holding your
learner’s permit for at least 6 months
, you’re eligible to take the
DMV drive test
!

Start Your Journey to Driving Success!
Attention teens! Ready to take control of the wheel and start your journey towards a driver’s license? Sign up today for Express Driving School’s convenient online driver education. Enjoy a self-paced learning experience from the comfort of your own space. Let’s make getting your license easy and stress-free—empower yourself on the road with Express Driving School!

Register NOW!

Contact Information

Phone:

1 (619) 735-3053

Email: expressdrivingsd@gmail.com

Request for Appointment

Quick Links
FAQ

Site Map

Partners

Terms of Use

Recent Posts

Winter Child Car Seats | Essential Safety Tips for California Parents

What to Do in a Winter Driving Emergency | Essential Safety Tips

Drive Safe

Drive Responsible

Drive Respectful

CA DMV License: E2089

Facebook

X

Instagram

Copyright © 2017 Express Driving School. All rights reserved.
