URL: https://expressdrivingsd.com/a-comprehensive-guide-dmv-drive-test-check-in-and-inspection/
TITLE: California DMV Drive Test 1: Check-In and Inspection (Pt. 1) - Express Driving School
STATUS: 200

California DMV Drive Test 1: Check-In and Inspection (Pt. 1) - Express Driving School

Facebook

X

Instagram

Returning Student Log In

0 Items

Home

Drivers Education

Behind-the-Wheel Training

Driving Lessons & Prices

Appointment Request

Traffic School

Resources

Bookstore

Teens

Parents

Adults

FAQ

BLOG

Select Page

California DMV Drive Test 1: Check-In and Inspection (Pt. 1)

Nov 29, 2023

Comprehensive Guide to the California DMV Drive Test 1 | Part 1

Written By | Doreen Almirol | 20+ years CA DMV Licensed Driving Instructor

Embarking on your DMV driving test? Ensure a smooth start by following this step-by-step guide that takes you through the check-in process and the crucial pre-drive inspection.

Here’s what you’ll need to know before your test begins:

California DMV Drive Test 1 | Check - In

Documents Needed

Permit
: Ensure that for teens under 18 years old , page 2 is signed by an adult.

Vehicle Registration
: Bring valid registration for the vehicle you’ll be using.

Proof of Insurance
: Have valid proof of insurance for the vehicle.

Driver License of Accompanying Passenger
: If someone is accompanying you, ensure they have their driver’s license.

Certificate of Completion
of 6 hours behind-the-wheel training (for test-takers under 18 years old).

California DMV Drive Test 1| Pre-Drive Vehicle Inspection

Before Starting your driving test, the DMV examiner will instruct you to locate and/or demonstrate specific vehicle and driver safety items.

Failing to meet the criteria for items listed in the Pre-Drive Checklist (Items 1–8 or 15–17) constitutes a “
mechanical failure
,” leading to a rescheduled driving test.

Additionally, if you
cannot locate and/or demonstrate
the operation of four or more items from
Items 9–14
, your driving test will be deemed “
unsatisfactory
” (a failure).

Interpreters may assist in the pre-drive inspection for control identification but cannot accompany you during the actual driving test.

The Safety Criteria for each Pre-Drive Checklist item outlines the requirements you must fulfill.

1 | Driver Window

Must open; be prepared to demonstrate if closed.

2 | Windshield

Must provide an unobstructed field of view for both you and the examiner.

No cracks in the windshield.

3 | Rear-View Mirrors

Vehicle must have at least 2 mirrors.

One must be located outside on the left side.

Mirrors must be secure, unbroken, and provide clear visibility.

4 | Turn Signals

Both right and left turn signals must be operational.

5 | Brake Lights

Both brake lights must be operational.

6 | Tires

Each tire must have 1/32 inch tread depth in any 2 adjacent grooves.

7 | Foot Brake

Must have at least 1 inch of clearance between the pedal and the floorboard when depressed

8 | Horn

Must be designed for the vehicle and in proper working condition.

Loud enough to hear from a distance of at least 200 feet.

9 | Emergency (Parking Brake)

You must locate and demonstrate how to use the parking brake.

10 | Arm Signals

Demonstrate correct arm signals for left turn, right turn, and slowing down or stopping.

11 | Windshield Wipers

Correctly locate the windshield wiper switch and/or control wipers.

12 | Defroster

Correctly locate the front windshield defroster button.

13 | Emergency Flasher (Hazard Lights)

Correctly locate the emergency flasher switch/button if the vehicle is equipped.

14 | Headlights

Correctly locate the headlight switch.

15 | Passenger Door

Front passenger side door must open and close properly.

16 | Glove Box

Ensure the glove box door is securely closed.

17 | Seat (Safety) Belts

All seat belts must work properly, and both you and the examiner must use them.

2 | Start Your Engine!

Once the Pre-Drive is complete, the performance portion of the test begins and you will be directed to start driving.

NOTE
: During inclement weather, demonstrate that items 11-14 work properly, or the test will be rescheduled.

Ready to Start the DMV Drive Test?
Continue reading Part 2 to learn the scoring criteria examiners will use to score your driving abilty. Remember, meticulous preparation ensures a confident start to your driving test.

Drive safely! 🚗💨

DMV Drive Test | Scoring Criteria Part 2

Articles

Search for:

Contact Information

Phone:

1 (619) 735-3053

Email: expressdrivingsd@gmail.com

Request for Appointment

Quick Links
FAQ

Site Map

Partners

Terms of Use

Recent Posts

Winter Child Car Seats | Essential Safety Tips for California Parents

What to Do in a Winter Driving Emergency | Essential Safety Tips

Drive Safe

Drive Responsible

Drive Respectful

CA DMV License: E2089

Facebook

X

Instagram

Copyright © 2017 Express Driving School. All rights reserved.
