URL: https://www.premierdriving.info/sample-test.html
TITLE: SAMPLE TEST - PREMIER DRIVING
STATUS: 200

SAMPLE TEST - PREMIER DRIVING

(760)712-3077 (424)409-1382

LOCATIONS

BONSALL

CARLSBAD

DEL MAR

EL SEGUNDO

ENCINITAS

ESCONDIDO

FALLBROOK

GARDENA

HAWTHORNE

HERMOSA BEACH

INGLEWOOD

LAWNDALE

LONG BEACH

MANHATTAN BEACH

OCEANSIDE

PALOS VERDES

REDONDO BEACH

SAN CLEMENTE

SAN MARCOS

SANTA MONICA

SAN PEDRO

TORRANCE

VISTA

WILMINGTON

REVIEWS

PARENTS TEENS

ADULTS

CAR RENTAL

DRIVERS ED

SAMPLE TEST

CONTACT

STAFF

TERMS

Text Material provided in this section is intended to be used only as educational and preparation purpose.
General Test Questions
( total 192 questions)
​
Teen Test Questions

(total 9 questions)
1. When parking your vehicle on any hill:
​One of your rear wheels should touch the curb
Use your parking brake and leave the vehicle in gear or "park"
Your front wheels should be parallel to the road if there is no curb
2. To see cars in your blind spots, you should check:
​
The inside rearview mirror
The outside rearview mirror
Over your shoulders
3. Where should you be prepared to stop your vehicle when there is no limit line?
Just past the corner
At the corner
Twenty feet before the intersection
4. Do not cross a solid double yellow line in the center of the roadway to:
Pass other vehicles
Make a left turn
Enter a private driveway
​
5. If you are caught driving with a blood alcohol concentration (BAC) at or above the legal limit:
You may be fined by the court
Your breath test result by itself cannot be used to convict you
Your driver license will automatically be revoked
6. A large truck is driving in the middle of three lanes. You want to pass the large truck. It is best to pass:
Quickly on the left and move ahead of it
Very slowly on the left and move ahead of it
Very quickly on the right and move ahead of it
7. You are required to wear your safety belt in a moving vehicle:
Unless your vehicle was manufactured before 1975
Unless you are riding in the back of a pickup/camper
And failure to do so may result in a traffic ticket
8. When can you drive using only your parking lights
30 minutes after sunset or 30 minutes before sunrise
Under no circumstances
On foggy days when visibility is low
9. When looking ahead of your vehicle when driving, you should:
Look straight ahead at all times
Look only at the cars ahead of you
Scan your surroundings
10.When sharing the road with a light rail vehicle:
Never turn in front of an approaching light rail vehicle
Always pass a light rail vehicle slowly on the right
Remember they are loud and move slowly like freight trains
11. Whose responsibility is it to know how your medications affect your driving?
Your doctor's
Your pharmacist's
Yours
12. You may legally park your car in front of a driveway:
If the driveway is in front of your house
As long as it is not parked for longer than 15 minutes
Under no circumstances
13. If you approach a curve or the top of a hill and you do not have a clear view of the road ahead, you should:
Pull over and wait to conditions to improve
Use your high beams to be more visible
Slow down so you can stop if necessary
14. Who has the right-of-way at an intersection with no crosswalk?
Pedestrians always have the right-of-way
Vehicles, but they should slow down and be careful
Pedestrians, but only with the green crosswalk
15. If you are towing another vehicle or trailer on a freeway with four lanes in your direction, you may travel in:
Any of the traffic lanes in your direction
Either of the right two lanes
The far right lane only
16. You are driving 55 mph on a two-lane highway, one lane in each direction, and want to pass the car ahead of you. To pass safely, you need to:
Wait until solid double yellow lines separate the lanes
Increase your speed to 65 mph
Have at least a 10 to 12 second gap in the oncoming traffic
17.When a traffic light turns green, should you go immediately?
Yes, but yield to any vehicle or person still in the intersection
Yes, or you could be given a ticket for causing gridlock
No, because you must first wait five seconds before proceeding
18. You must carefully watch for bicycles in traffic lanes because they:
Must ride facing oncoming traffic
Could be hidden in your blind spots
Usually have the right-of-way
19.You can be fined up to $1000 and jailed for six months if you are cited for:
Dumping or abandoning an animal on a highway
Making a U-turn from a center left-turn lane
Parking in a bicycle lane
20. You see a car approaching from the rear. When you check your mirror again to change lanes, you no longer see the car. You should:
Look over your shoulder to be sure the car isn't in your blind spot
Turn your signal on and change lanes slowly
Signal, honk your horn, and change lanes quickly
21. The two-way road you are driving on has a lane marked as shown in the picture. This lane is used:
To pass other vehicles that are moving slowly
As regular driving lane during periods of heavy traffic
To Begin or end left turns or start a permitted U-turn​
22. If you are involved in a collision, you must exchange with the other person(s) involved, your driver license information and:
Proof of insurance only
Proof of insurance, and vehicle registration only
Proof of insurance, vehicle registration, and current address
23. Smoking inside a vehicle when a person younger than 18 years of age is present is:
Legal, if it is your child
Illegal at all times
Not restricted by law
24. When you back up into a passenger vehicle:
Rely on your rearview mirror
Look over your right shoulder through your rear window
Only use your side and rearview mirrors
25. Use your high-beam headlights at night:
As little as possible
Only on unlighted streets
When it is legal and safe
26. You may not stop a passenger vehicle at any time:
Next to a curb painted red
Next to a curb painted yellow
In front of a school when children are present
27. There are two traffic lanes in your direction. You are driving in the left lane and many cars are passing you on the right. If the driver behind you wishes to drive faster, you should:
Stay in your lane so you don't impede the traffic flow
Drive onto the left shoulder to let the other vehicles pass
Move over into the right lane when it is safe
28. To back out of a parking space, always back slowly and look:
At your rearview mirror as you back up
At you side mirrors as you back up
Over your right shoulder as you back up
29. This blue sign means parking is allowed:
Only for persons in wheelchairs
For disabled persons without a special placard or plate
Only for disabled persons with a special placard or plate
30. When merging onto a freeway, you should be driving:
At or near the same speed as the freeway traffic
At the legal freeway speed limit
Slower than the freeway traffic
31. You must notify law enforcement and make a written report (SR 1) to DMV when:
You intend to file a certificate of non operation for your vehicle
Your vehicle is towed for parking illegally
You have an accident and there is an injury or death
32. Which of the following blocks the smooth flow of traffic?
Slowing down to look at an accident scene
Avoiding unnecessary lane changes
Using public transportation instead of your car
33. If you are convicted by the court of a first DUI, the court will:
Suspend your driving privilege
Sentence you to a mandatory 30 days in jail
Confiscate and sell your vehicle
34. The driver ahead of you stops at a crosswalk. What should you do?
Pass the vehicle once any pedestrian has crosses your lane
Stop, then proceed when all pedestrians have crosses
Change lanes, look carefully, and pass the stopped vehicle
35. Cargo extending more than four feet from your rear bumper:
Is illegal under all circumstances
Must be marked with a red flag or lights
Does not legally have to be marked, but it is a good idea
36. If you have a green light, but traffic is blocking the intersection:
Stay out of the intersection until traffic clears
Enter the intersection and wait until traffic clears
Merge into another lane and try to go around the traffic
37. For which of the following traffic lights must you always stop your car
Solid red lights, flashing red lights, and black-out traffic signals
Solid red lights, red arrows, and flashing yellow lights
Solid red lights, flashing red lights, and yellow lights
38. When you see this sign with STOP, you should stop and:
Check for vehicles in the direction you plan on going, then proceed
Let all vehicles that arrive before or after you go first
Check traffic in all directions before proceeding
39. If there is a deep puddle in the road ahead, you should:
Maintain the posted speed and drive through the water
Steer your vehicle around the water, if possible
Shift into neutral as you drive through the water
40. Tailgating other drivers (driving too close to their rear bumper):
Can frustrate other drivers and make them angry
Cannot result in a traffic citation
Reduces accidents by preventing you from being "cut off"
41. A traffic light is red, but a pease officer is signaling you to continue driving. What should you do?
Change lanes and drive slowly
Wait for the green light
Do as the officer tells you
42. Animals may be transported in the back of a pickup truck only if:
The sides of the truck bed are at least 18 inches high
They are properly secure
The tailgate of the truck is closed
43. To see cars in your blind spots, you should:
Look in the inside rearview mirror
Look in the outside rearview mirror
Turn your head
44. You were in a collision which caused more than $750 worth of damage. You must report the collision within 10 days to:
The DMV
The CHP
Your insurance company
45. Which of the following will help you to avoid being hit from behind?
Signaling at least 100 feet before turning
Decreasing your following distance
Quickly pumping your brakes just before turning
46. If you drive slower than the flow of traffic, you will most likely:
Interfere with traffic and receive a ticket
Improve traffic flow
Demonstrate defensive driving techniques
47. You are driving on a one-way street. You may turn left onto another one-way street:
Only if a sign permits the turn
If traffic on the street is moving to the right
If traffic on the street is moving to the left
48. The speed limit posted on a road is 55 mph. When this road is wet:
Maintain a 55 mph speed
Drive 5 to 10 mph under the limit
Drive 20 to 25 mph under the limit
49. What is the best advice for driving when heavy fog or dust occurs?
Try not to drive until the conditions improve
Do not drive too slowly, because others drivers may hit you
Alternate your low and high beams to improve your vision
50. If you are unable to see the road ahead while driving because of heavy rain or fog, and your wipers do not help, you should:
Slow down and continue driving
Turn on your high beams and continue driving
Pull of the road completely until visibility improves
51. To turn right from a highway with two lanes in your direction, turn from:
The lanes closest to the center of the road
The lane nearest to the curb or edge of the freeway
Either lane, depending on oncoming traffic
52. It is illegal for a person under 21 years of age to drive with a blood alcohol concentration (BAC) that is ___ or more.
0.08%-Eight hundredths of on percent
0.01%-One hundredth of one percent
0.05%-Five hundredth of one percent
53. You are on a road with only one lane in each direction and you want to pass another vehicle, but there is a curve ahead which blocks your view. You must:
Not pass the other vehicle
Pass on the shoulder of the road
Signal longer than five seconds to pass safely
54. It is illegal to leave a child six years of age or younger unattended in a motor vehicle:
When the keys are in the ignition
If the child is with a 12 year old brother or sister
One a cold, rainy day and all the windows are closed
55. Large trucks turning right onto a street with two lanes in each direction:
May complete their turn in either the left or right lane
Often have to use part of the left lane to complete the turn
Must stay in the right lane at all times
56. When you park on a level road next to a curb:
Your wheels must be within 18 inches of the curb
Your front wheels must be turned towards the side of the road
You do not have to set your parking break
57. Highways are typically most slippery:
During a heavy rainstorm in the middle of summer
When it first starts to rain after a dry spell
After it has been raining for a long time
58. You should allow more space in front of your vehicle when following large trucks because:
You need the extra room to see around the truck
Their heavier weight allows them to stop more quickly than you
If you follow too closely, you will get caught in the truck's wind drift
59. At intersections, crosswalks, and railroad crossings, you should always:
Stop, listen, and proceed if you cannot hear anything
Look to the sides of your vehicle
Concentrate on oncoming traffic
60. When you back up in a passenger vehicle:
Rely on your rearview mirror
Look over your right shoulder through your rear window
only use your side and rearview mirrors
61. When you are in a dedicated turn lane controlled by a green arrow, which of the following is true?
All oncoming vehicles and pedestrians are stopped by red lights
All vehicles or pedestrians in the intersection must yield to you
You may turn in the arrow's direction without checking traffic
62. When should you stop your vehicle when there is no limit line?
Just past the corner
At the corner
Twenty feet before the intersection
63. If an oncoming vehicle has started to turn left in front of you:
Honk your horn to warn and maintain your speed
Maintain your speed and take your right-of-way
Slow or stop your car to prevent an accident
64. Turn your front wheels toward the curb when you are parked:
Facing downhill
Facing uphill
On a level road
65. If another driver "cuts" in front of you, it would be better if you:
Brake suddenly
Take your foot off the gas
Accelerate to avoid being "cut off"
66.You should usually drive your vehicle slower when:
You see brake lights coming on several vehicles ahead of you
Passing large trucks on the freeway
You want to look at a controlled accident scene
67. If your vehicle starts to hydroplane, you should:
Drive at a constant speed to gain better traction
Apply the brakes firmly to prevent your vehicle from sliding
Slow down gradually and not apply brakes
68. If you are involved in an accident, you must exchange with the other person(s) involved, your driver license information and:
Proof of insurance only
Proof of insurance and vehicle registration only
Proof of insurance,vehicle registration, and current address
69. A person may legally ride in the back of a pickup truck when:
The sides of the pickup bed are at least 24 inches high
The back of the pickup is covered with a camper shell
In secured seats and using approved safety belts
70. When planning to pass another vehicle you should:
Not assume they will make space for you to return to your lane
Assume they will let you pass if you use you turn signal
Assume they will maintain a constant speed
71. To turn right from a highway with two lanes in your direction, turn from:
The lane closest to the center of the road
The lane nearest the curb or edge of the roadway
Either lane, depending on oncoming traffic
72. Pedestrians crossing at corners have the right-of-way:
Only at controlled intersections
Only when a cross walk is painted on the street
Whether or not the crosswalk is marked
73. When you park on a level road next to a curb:
Your wheels must be within 18 inches of the curb
Your front wheels must be turned towards the side of the road
You do not have to set your parking brake
74. You may drive in a bike lane:
If you drive slower than 15 mph
No more than 200 feet making a right turn
Whenever bicyclists are not present
75. At dawn or dusk, or in rain or snow, it can be hard to see and be seen. A good way to let other drivers know you are there is to:
Use your horn every once in a while
Turn on your parking lights
Turn on your low-beam headlights
76. Tailgating other drivers (driving too close to their rear bumper):
Can frustrate other drivers and make them angry
Cannot result in a traffic citation
Reduces accidents by preventing you from being "cut off"
77. Which of these statements about drugs and driving is true?
Any prescription drug is safe to use if you don't feel drowsy
Even over-the-counter drugs can impair your driving
Only illegal drugs can impair your driving
78. A traffic light is red, but a peace officer is signaling you to continue driving. What should you do?
Change lanes and drive slowly
Wait for the green light
Do as the officer tells you
79. If you are convicted by the court of a first DUI:
Your driving privilege will be revoked for one year
You will be sentenced to a mandatory 30 days in jail
Your vehicle will be confiscated and sold
80. A pedestrian who is blind or visually impaired uses traffic sounds before deciding to cross the street. If you see a pedestrian with a guide dog or white cane waiting to cross at a corner, you should:
Stop at the crosswalk and honk your horn
Drive into the crosswalk so the person can hear your engine
Pull up to the crosswalk so the person can hear your engine
81. The California Driver Handbook recommends several tips to help you keep alert on long drives. one of these tips is:
Pull off the road and rest
Turn on your air conditioner
Alternately drive close to the left and right sides of your lane
82. When a traffic signal light is not working at an intersection, you should:
Come to a complete stop, then proceed when it is safe
Stop before entering and let all other traffic go first
Slow down or stop, if necessary
83. When should you use your headlights?
One hour before sunset until one hour after sunrise
Anytime you can't see at least two miles ahead
Anytime you have trouble seeing others or being seen
84. To see vehicles in your blind spots, you must:
Turn your head
Look in your side mirrors
Look in your inside rearview mirror​
86. You are driving at night on a dimly lit street and using high beams.
You should dim your lights when you are within 500 feet of:
A vehicle approaching you from behind
An oncoming vehicle
A sharp curve or hill
87. It is very foggy. Slow down, turn on your windshield wipers and:
High beam lights
Low beam lights
Emergency flashers
88. Which of these is a legal U-turn?
On a highway where there is a paved opening for a turn
150 feet away from a hill or curve
Over two sets of double yellow lines in the roadway
89. If you are unable to see the road ahead while driving because of heavy rain or fog, and your wipers do not help, you should:
Slow down and continue driving
Turn on your high beams and continue driving
Pull of the road completely until visibility improves
​
90. If a driver is going to pull out in front of you, the safest thing to do is:
Honk your horn and maintain your speed
Slow or stop your car and use your horn
Use your horn and swerve into the next lane
91. This sign means (pedestrian on crosswalk):
Narrow pedestrian bridge ahead
Pedestrians must yield the right-of-way ahead
There is a pedestrian crosswalk ahead
92. Which of the following children requires a child restraint system?
​A six-year old weighing 70 pounds
A five-year old weighing 55 pounds
A five-year old weighing 65 pounds
93. Allow extra space in front of your vehicle when following a:
Passenger car
Station wagon
Large tour bus
94. Even if you know your vehicle can maneuver a sharp curve at the legal speed limit, you should still slow down because:
You must legally drive below the speed limit on sharp curves
The strong inward pull on your vehicle can be dangerous
There may be a stalled car or accident ahead that you can't see
95. You are driving on a city street and see an emergency vehicle with flashing lights behind you. What should you do?
Drive to the right edge of the road and slow down
Drive to the right edge of the road and stop
Stay in your lane, slow down, and let it pass
96. You may turn right on a solid red light:
Only after slowing down and checking traffic
Only after stopping, and yielding to pedestrians and bicyclists, unless otherwise posted
Under no circumstances
97. When driving in the far right lane of a freeway, you:
Should expect merging vehicles at on ramps
Must be driving slower than other traffic
Must give the right-of-way to merging traffic
98. If five or more vehicles are following you on a narrow two-lane road:
Move to the right side of your lane and drive slowly
Pull off the road when it is safe and let them pass
Continue driving because you have the right-of-way
99. Which of the following is true about safety belts and accidents?
They are unnecessary for vehicles equipped with front or side air
bags
They keep you from being thrown clear to safety, which lowers your chances of surviving accidents
They increases your chances of survival in most types of accidents
100.You were parked and have been waiting a long time with your turn signal on to re-enter traffic. However, traffic is heavy. You should:
Continue waiting and yielding to traffic in the lane
Slowly inch you vehicle into the traffic lane
Drive on the shoulder until a gap in traffic appears
101.You are being chased by a police with its lights and sirens activated. You ignore the warning to stop and speed away. During the chase, a person is seriously injured. You are subject to:
Imprisonment in a state prison for five years
A fine of not less than $1000
Attending an anger-management class
102. If you want to pass a bicyclist in a narrow traffic lane when an oncoming car is approaching:
Honk your horn, then pass the bicyclist
Slow down and let the car pass, then pass the bicyclist
Wait until the bicyclist rides off the roadway
103. For which of the following traffic lights must you always stop your vehicle?
Solid red lights, flashing red lights,and blacked-out traffic signals
Solid red lights, red arrows, and flashing yellow lights
Solid red lights, flashing red lights, and yellow lights
104. You are a two-way road and the vehicle ahead of you is turning left into a driveway. You may legally pass the vehicle on the right:
If there is enough road between the curb and the vehicle to do so
Even if you must drive on the shoulder to do so
Even if you must cross a solid white line painted on the road
105. If you are a minor and your cell phone rings while you are driving you should:
Answer it if you have a hands-free device
Let the call go to voicemail
Answer it if the call is from your parents
106. You are being chased by a police vehicle with its lights and sirens activated. You ignore the warning to stop and speed away. During the chase, a person is seriously injured. You are subject to:
Imprisonment and/or fine of at least $2,000
A fine of not less than $1,000
Attending an anger-management class
107. If you want to pass a bicyclist in a narrow traffic lane when an oncoming car is approaching:
Honk your horn, then pass the bicyclist
Slow down and let the car pass, then pass the bicyclist
Wait until the bicyclist rides off the roadway
108. The speed limit in an alley is:
20 mph
15 mph
10mph
109. If your driving record shows you failed to appear in court after receiving a traffic ticket, DMV will:
Suspend the registration of the vehicle you are driving
Suspend your driving privilege until you appear in court
Restrict your driving privilege
110.You should allow more space in front of your vehicle when following large trucks because:
You need the extra room to see around the truck
Their heavier weight allows them to stop more quickly than you
If you follow too closely, you will get caught is the trucks wind draft
111. You should use your horn when:
Another vehicle is is your way
It may help prevent an accident
Another driver makes a mistake
112.Backing your vehicle is:
Always dangerous to do
Dangerous if you have a helper
Only dangerous in large vehicles
113. When changing lanes on a freeway, you should:
Signal for at least five seconds
Cross several lanes at a time to avoid slow downs
Avoid driving over broken white lines and lane markings
114. You may cross double yellow lines to pass another vehicle if the:
Yellow line next to your side of the road is broken
Vehicle in front of you moves to the right to let you pass
Yellow line next to the other side of the road is broken
115. Driving faster than traffic and continually passing other cars:
Increases fuel efficiency
Increases your chances of an accident
Helps to prevent traffic congestion
116. You must yield to a pedestrian using a white cane or guide dog:
Only when a guide dog is leading the person across a street
At all times
Only if a crossing guard is present
117. You want to turn left ahead. In the middle of the road there is a lane marked as shown. You must:
Turn from your current traffic lane after signaling
Merge completely into this lane before you make your left turn
Not enter this lane for any reason
118. You are approaching an uncontrolled intersection. You:
Must always stop before driving through the intersection
Must yield the right-of-way to all other vehicles
Should slow down and be ready to stop
119. You are on a road with one lane in each direction and you want to pass another vehicle, but there is a curve ahead which blocks your view. You must:
Not pass the other vehicle
Pass on the shoulder of the road
Signal longer than five seconds to pass safely
120. Which of these statements is true about driving and taking medications?
Most cold medications can make a person drowsy
Over-the-counter medication cannot impair driving ability if taken
Medications are safe to take at any time if prescribed by a doctor
121. You should adjust your rearview and side mirrors:
Before you get into the car
Before you start driving
After you start driving
122. The driver ahead of you stops at a crosswalk. What should you do?
Pass the vehicle once any pedestrian has crossed your lane
Stop, then proceed when all pedestrians have crossed
Change lanes, look carefully, and pass the stopped vehicle
123.Instructions from school crossing guards must be obeyed:
At all times
During school hours only
Only when children are present in front of a school
124.You should stop before crossing railroad tracks:
Any time a train may be approaching, whether or not you can see it
Whenever a crossing is not controlled by gates
If your vehicle has three or more axles
125. You are driving in the far right lane of a four-lane freeway and notice thick broken white lines on the left side of your lane. You are driving in:
The carpool lane and must merge into the next lane
A special lane for slow moving vehicles
An exit lane
126. When driving in fog, snow, or rain, use both your windshield wipers and:
High-beam headlights
Low-beam headlights
Running lights
127. The California Driving Handbook recommends several tips to help you keep alert on long drives. One of these tips is:
Pull off the road and rest
Turn on your air conditioner
Alternately drive close to the left and right sides of you lane
128. Give extra space to drivers backing out of parking spaces because:
They may not see you
They have the right-of-way
It is required by law
129. You must notify DMV within 5 days if you:
Sell or transfer your vehicle
Are cited for a traffic violation
Paint your vehicle a different color
130. You are getting ready to make a right turn. You should:
Always stop before making a right turn
Signal during the last 100 feet before you turn
Slow down and signal as you start your turn
131. Animals may be transported in the back of a pickup truck only if:
The sides of the truck bed are at least 18 inches high
They are properly secured
The tailgate of the truck is closed
132. If you have trouble seeing other vehicles because of dust or smoke blowing across the highway, you should drive slower and turn on your:
High beam headlights
Parking lights
Low-beam headlights
133. Which of the following will help you avoid being hit from behind?
Signaling at least 100 feet before turning
Decreasing your following distance
Quickly pumping your brakes just before turning
134. It is illegal for a person under 21 years of age to drive with a blood alcohol concentration (BAC) that is _____ or more.
0.08%-eight hundredths of one percent
0.01%-one hundredth of one percent
0.05%-five hundredths of one percent
135. A flashing red traffic light at an intersection means:
Slow down before entering
Stop before entering
Stop and wait for the green light
136. Which of these vehicles must stop before crossing railroad tracks?
Tank trucks marked with hazardous materials placards
Motor homes or pickup trucks towing a trailer
Sport utility vehicles carrying four or more persons
137. If you always insist on letting other drivers go ahead of you at intersections, you are most likely:
Causing traffic delays
Improving traffic flow
Effectively using driving techniques
138. Large trucks turning right onto a street with two lanes in each direction:
May complete their turn in either the left or right lane
Often have to use part of left lane to complete the turn
Must stay in the right lane at all times
139. It illegal to leave a child six years of age or younger unattended in a motor vehicle:
When the keys are in the ignition
If the child is with a 12-year old brother or sister
On a cold, rainy day and all the windows are closed
140. You have been convicted of driving under the influence of alcohol. The judge sentenced you to 48 hours in jail. In addition, you may:
Have to pay a fine
Have your vehicle taken away for 60 days
Have to install an ignition interlock device (IID) on your vehicle
141. You are driving on a five-lane freeway in the lane closest to the center divider. To exit the freeway on the right you should:
Carefully cross all the lanes at one time
Change lanes one at a time until you are in the proper lane
Slow before beginning each lane change
142. On a sharp curve, you should use your brakes to slow your vehicle:
Just after you enter the curve
During the entire time you drive through the curve
Before you enter the curve
143. Driving slower than the traffic flow tends to:
Make an accident less likely to happen
Make an accident more likely to happen
Not change the chances of having an accident
144. A large truck is driving in he middle of three lanes. You want to pass the large truck. If is best to pass:
Quickly on the left and move ahead of it
Very slowly on the left and move ahead of it
Very quickly on the right and move ahead of it
145. You are driving slowly in the fast lane of a freeway and there is traffic behind you in your lane. The driver behind you wishes to drive faster. You should:
Not change lanes if you are driving the speed limit
Change lanes to the right when safe to do so
Only change lanes if five or more vehicles are behind you
146. To back out of an angled parking space, always back slowly and look:
At your rear view mirror as you back up
At your side mirrors as you back up
Over your right shoulder as you back up
147. Do not cross a solid double yellow line in the center of the road to:
Pass other vehicles
Make a left turn
Enter a private driveway
148.When stopped at railroad tracks with multiple tracks, cross:
Only when it is safe to do so
As soon as the train has passed your roadway
Only when other vehicles begin crossing
149. You must notify law enforcement and make a written report
(SR 1) to DMV when:
You intend to file a certificate of non operation for you vehicle
Your vehicle is towed for parking illegally
You have an accident and there is an injury or death
150. To see vehicles in your blind spot, you must look:
Over your shoulders
In your side mirrors
In your inside rearview mirrors
151. You see a pedestrian with a white cane at the corner ready to cross the street. The person takes a step back and pulls in his cane. You should:
Stop your car a minimum of six feet from the crosswalk and wait for the person to cross he street
Stop, proceed carefully through the intersection, the person isn't ready to cross
Honk your horn to let the person know when to cross the street
152. You are approaching a sharp curve in the road. You should:
Start braking as soon as you enter the curve
Start braking before you enter the curve
Accelerate into the curve
153. You are driving at night on a dimly lit street and using your high beams. You should dim your lights when you are within 500 feet of:
A vehicle approaching you from behind
An oncoming vehicle
A sharp curve or hill
154. Other drivers are not making room for you to merge onto a freeway with heavy traffic. If necessary, you may:
Drive on the freeway shoulder until a gap appears
Stop before merging with freeway traffic
Make room by forcing your way into a small gap
155.When driving a vehicle with air bags, you are safest when seated:
At least ten inches away from the steering wheel
Within 6 ½ inches of the steering wheel
With your head positioned directly above the steering wheel
156. Solid yellow lines separate:
Traffic lanes on one-way streets
Bicycle lanes from regular traffic
Vehicles going in opposite directions
157. You park your car at the curb on a level two-way street. Before getting out of your car, you should:
Look for cars or bicycle on the traffic side of your vehicle
Turn your front wheels towards the curb
Make sure you are parked at least two feet from the curb
158. You may legally park your car:
At the corner in an intersection
Across a sidewalk if you are partially in a driveway
In a bicycle lane if there is no sign forbidding it
159. If a driver is going to pull out in front of you, the safest thing to do is:
Honk your horn and maintain your speed
Slow or stop your car and use your horn
Use your horn and swerve into the next lane
160. You are driving on a road where the speed limit is 45 mph. All the other vehicles are driving 50 mph or faster. You may legally drive:
50 mph or faster. The speed of traffic
Anywhere between 45 mph and 50 mph
No faster than 45 mph
161. You were in an accident which caused more than $750 worth of damage. You must report the accident within 10 days to:
The DMV
The CHP
Your insurance company
162. You are driving in the far right lane of a multilane freeway. A line of five cars is merging into your lane ahead from an onramp. You:
Must maintain your speed and position
Must slow down to let the other vehicles merge
Should make room for the merging vehicles, if possible
163.When a traffic signal light isn't working at an intersection, you should:
Come to a complete stop, then proceed when it is safe
Stop before entering and let all other traffic go first
Slow down or stop, if necessary
164. The speed limit for a school zone is ___, unless otherwise posted.
15 mph
25 mph
20 mph
165. A pedestrian who is blind or visually impaired uses traffic sounds before deciding to cross the street. If you see a pedestrian with a guide dog or white cane waiting to cross at a corner, you should:
Stop at the crosswalk and honk your horn
Drive into the crosswalk so the person can hear your engine
Pull up to the crosswalk so the person can hear you
166. Check your rearview mirrors:
Often to see how traffic is moving behind you
Only on a freeway or highway
Only when you are slowing down
167. If there is a deep puddle in the road ahead, you should:
Maintain the posted speed and drive though the water
Steer your vehicle around the water, if possible
Shift into neutral as you drive through the water
168. Which of the following is true about large trucks?
Trucks have fewer blind spots due to the vehicle's height
It is best to pass trucks very slowly and on the right side
Trucks often appear to travel slower because of their large size
169. You were parked and have been waiting a long time with your turn signal on to re-enter traffic. However, traffic is heavy. You should:
Continue waiting and yielding to traffic in the lane
Slowly inch your vehicle into the traffic lane
Drive on the shoulder until a gap in traffic appears
170. You must make a written report (SR 1) to DMV when:
Your vehicle fails a smog test
You are involved in an accident and there is an injury
You change your insurance company
171. When looking ahead while driving, you should:
Stare at the middle of the road
Look directly in front of your car
Scan from side to side
172. The California Drivers Handbook recommends several tips to help you keep alert on long drives. One of these tips is:
Pull off the road and rest
Turn on your air conditioner
Alternately drive close to the left and right sides of your lane
173. To be sure a lane is clear before you change lanes, you should:
Look in your outside mirrors only
Look over your shoulder into the lane you want to enter
Always turn your head and look over your right shoulder
174. When you change lanes or merge with another lane, you:
Have the right-of-way
Should first stop and check for cross traffic
Need at least a 4-second gap in traffic
175. To turn left from a one-way street onto a one-way street, start from:
The lane closest to the left curb
The center lane
Any lane as long as it seems safe to do so
176. Which of these statements is true about child passengers?
Children one or older and over 20 pounds should ride in the front seat
Children under age one should not ride in the front seat in air bag-equipped vehicles
The front seat is generally safest for children six years of age and older
177. You are on a two-way road and the vehicle ahead of you is turning left into a driveway. You may legally pass the vehicle on the right:
If there is enough road between the curb and the vehicle to do so
Even if you must drive on the shoulder to do so
Even if you must cross a solid white line painted on the road
​
178. When merging onto a freeway, you should be driving:
At or near the same speed as the freeway traffic
At the legal freeway speed limit
Slower than the freeway traffic
179. There is one lane in your direction. The vehicle ahead of you often slows down for no apparent reason. You should:
Speed up to pass the vehicle as soon as possible
Increase the following distance between you and the other driver
Flash your headlights quickly to alert the other driver
180. You are driving on a divided street with multiple lanes in your direction. If you need to make a U-turn, where should you start?
In the median
On he shoulder
In the left lane
181. Your wheels should be pointed straight ahead, unless you are:
Waiting to make a left turn at a traffic light
Parked on a hill or sloping driveway
Parked on the side of a level roadway and there is no curb
182. Which of these is true about other drivers?
Drivers always obey traffic signs and signals
Drivers using turn signals always turn in the direction indicated
Never assume other driver will give you the right-of-way
183. Which of these is the proper way to change lanes?
Signal, check your mirrors, and then change lanes
Signal, check your mirrors, and look over your shoulder
Check you mirrors, look over your shoulder, and then change lanes
184. You may not stop a passenger vehicle at anytime:
In front of a school when children are present
Next to a curb painted yellow
Next to a curb painted red
185. When can you drive using your parking lights?
30 minutes after sunset or 30 minutes before sunrise
Under no circumstances
On foggy days when visibility is low
186. Two vehicles are approaching an uncontrolled "T" intersection. One vehicle is on the through road and the other is on the road that ends. Who has the right-of-way at the intersection?
The vehicle on the through road
The vehicles on the right
The vehicle that arrives first
187. When approaching a crosswalk where a blind pedestrian is waiting to cross, you must stop:
More than five feet from the crosswalk so the pedestrian will not be distracted by the sound of your engine
At the crosswalk and wait for the pedestrian to cross the street
At the crosswalk and then tell the pedestrian when to cross the street
188. A school bus has stopped ahead on your side of the road and is flashing its red lights. What should you do?
Stop first, then proceed when you think it is safe
Stop as long as the red lights flash
Stop until all the children have crossed your lane
189.You can be fined up to $1000 dollars and jailed for six months if you are cited for:
Dumping or abandoning an animal on a highway
Making a U-turn from a center left-turn lane
Parking in a bicycle lane
190. What should you do at an intersection with a flashing red signal light?
Cautiously continue driving through the intersection
Stop before entering, then proceed when safe
Stop before entering. Wait for the green light before proceeding
191. At intersections, crosswalks, and railroad crossing, you should always:
Stop, listen, and proceed if you cannot hear anything
Look to the sides of your vehicle
Concentrate on oncoming traffic
192. You should not start across an intersection if you know you will block the intersection when the light turns red:
Under any circumstances
Unless you entered the intersection on a yellow light
Unless you entered the intersection on a green light
​
NOTE: Please review the whole section of signs in your California Driving Handbook!!!!!
Teens Permit Test Questions (total 9 questions)
1. During the first 12 months of a provisional license it is illegal for a teenager to:
Drive unaccompanied from 5 am to 5 pm
Take your brother or sister to school with a note from a parent
Carpool friends to school with a note from a parent
2. You have had your license for three months. You may:
​
Drive between 5:00 AM and 5:00 PM unaccompanied
Transport minors unaccompanied at any time
Transport minors between 11:00 PM and 5:00 AM unaccompanied
​5. During the first 12 months after you are licensed, you may:
Transport minors at any time
Transport minors between 11 p.m. and 5 a.m., if you are accompanied by a licensed driver 25 years of age or older
Drive at any time
6. For the first 12 months after you are licensed, you must be accompanied by your parent or guardian if you:
​
Drive between the hours of 5 a.m. and midnight
Transport minors between the hours of 11 p.m. and 5 a.m.
Transport adults between the hours of 5 a.m. and midnight
7. You have had your license for eight months. You may:
Drive between 5 a.m. and 11 p.m. unaccompanied
Transport minors unaccompanied at any time
Transport minors between 11 p.m. and 5 a.m. unaccompanied
8. A conviction of a minor for the use of alcohol, marijuana, or any other drug, even in the privacy of a home such as a party, will result in:
Loss of license for one year, or your license will be delayed for one year if you are unlicensed (commonly until 17 years old)
Nothing. The party is on private property.
Since this has nothing to do with a car, a conviction of this type does not affect my driver license.
9. A person between 13 and 18 years of age may have his/her driving privilege ____________for one year if convicted as a habitual truant.
Extended
Cancelled
Suspended​
​
